
        foodval.com - stop by if you're interested in the nutritional composition of food  --- 
        Hey, man, General Government.We are almost at home. Thereare no "katyushas", no cannons.Do you understand- Italian?We go home for holidays. Allpartisans, all communists...Everybody get out!Quickly! Move it!Quickly, get out on the right side.GIUSEPPE IN WARSAWHey, you! Don't run away! Whatare you afraid of? Come here!Get off the track, you idiot!Get your ass out of the track...or I'll kick it when I get down.



Miss, would you like tosit down? No, thank you.This one, can sleep like a log. Ifyou, brother, walked form Stalingradto Poland, you would sleep as well.He is so handsome for a German.Don't worry, you can see him.You can have your haircut for seeing a Germanbut not for a handsome guy from Sorrento.Oh, he is Italian. How do you know?I know everything, missy.Hey! Hey, stop it!He looks like he's sleeping butI can feel he wants my sausages.He's calling me mom because hewants me to feel pity for him.Hey, are you Italian? Si, si.He wants to take a leak. Are youcrazy? "Si, si" in Italian means "yes".Italian, Hitler is dead, right? Dead.Dead, dead. Hey, Mussoliniis dead, isn't he?



He is our boy, let's givehim some vodka. A full glass.Come on, take it, drinkit. Look at him. Take it.The Italians are like children,they drink only wine. Leave him.Three thousand. Threethousand, do you understand?Four thousand.Hey man, don't make us listen tothis, for God's sake. He's whining!Quiet, quiet...So much money. Who will pay you more?It's a good deal for that piece of crap.Quiet. Ok, five thousand.Give me that guitar and fall asleep.Do as you want but nobodywill give you any more.Come on, come on.No, no, in Italian. Yes, in Italian.What? God damn, your piece.Oh, leave me alone.Stop shouting, idiot,the Germans are rounding us upand they are going to arrest us.How can I know. You shouldhave taken care of it.They must have stolen it.STOLENStolen. You should have taken thefive thousand I was giving you andnow leave me alone.Be quiet!Take it, take it!Be quiet, yes, yes, I'llexplain it later. Let's go.Quickly, quickly!He is Italian, I'm with this Italian!Let's go. Your gun is there, go.Move it, quickly!Don't worry, there are no partisanshere. That's a pretty girl! He is lucky,she wouldn't like totalk to us. Damn Italian.Stop here.That's enough. The rideis finished. Come here.You go to the barracks. You go straightand take the second turning on your right.Do you understand?Goodbye and give me that gun.Give me the gun! Do you understand?The gun I gave you... the gunI gave you at the station.Don't pretend you don'tknow what I'm talking about.Give me the gun!Be quiet, you idiot, the Germans.Let me go, you gangster.Isn't this too much displayof love? You're paying missand off you go or you get on and we go.You won't go any further. Hey! Comeback. Give me the gun and come back.No, no, no, I'm living here,you're going nowhere! The gun!Gangster! Al Capone! Mafia!Good morning, Mr. Kowalski.Don't push me! You pig, baboon.None of your business,do you understand?Welcome, Miss. Stand up! Hands up! Move!Your ID. An ID. Here you are.False. False, of course.Partisans, bandits.What's this, my child?This.. is a pistol.A pistol. No, this is my pistol!No, my pistol! Quiet!MY! Come!Damn it! Stop kidding, Janek,for goodness sake. Who is he?Who have you brought here, you idiot?He's Italian. I met him on a train. Hedidn't want to give me back the pistol.My God, an Italian from atrain. I'll go crazy. Look,she's brought an Italian to aden. Just before the commission.Quiet! Quiet! We have togive him back the pistoland send him awayimmediately. You've gone crazy.What? This is my pistol.My pistol... my pistol.Do you want him to bringthe whole Gestapo here? But...Don't you know theItalians? Scream now.Quiet! Quiet! You Polish bandit!Quiet!You are free. Go! Get out!Pretend you're searching the flat now.In two minutes you'll join us downstairs.Maryska! For goodness sake!Are you out of your mind?I'll go crazy living with her.Leave that staff. Who will clean it? And you- be quiet!Ok, ok, stop shouting.If I had listened to youit wouldn't have done me anygood. Felek, you are the witness.We'll all have troubles becauseof her. Chicken! Yellow belly!Maryska! Don't do any jokes! I tellyou, since the war started I tell you...No, that is not the truth.And be quiet as you talk to me!No, I won't be quiet! You are a coward!Partisans! Hands up!Hands up! Polish bandits!Get out of here! Damn you! Damn you!He's killed me. No, I won't playalong. No. You see, it's all your fault.And you! Be carefulwhen you hit! You idiot!Barracks, do you understand?Straight, left and then the thirdturning on your right,do you understand?Barracks, left and then the thirdturning on your right. Understood?She is arrested, she is apartisan! Goodbye. Go! Go!He hasn't even stepped asidefor one centimeter. Damn Italian.Who are you? I'm called volksdeutsch.What's your emblem? A broken cross.Who has created you? The winds.What will happen to you? The chains.You puppy, you jerk,I'll teach you. Police!I'm sorry.Barracks? Go straight.Hey. hey!You Italian? To barracks?Forbidden.Get out of here or I'll kick your ass.Go, you idiot.Stop! Your ID! ID!Giuseppe Santuchi. Where is your pistol?Thank you, goodbye.Stop! Come here! Comehere! You damn Italian.Where have you hidden your weapon?It's ready. Let's go away!Don't pretend you're an idiot.Where is your weapon?I've said hundreds of timesthat these times are not for me.You are the bane of our family. Evenour grandma has suffered for the freedom.Two years in captivity with no complaints.Yes, but at least she visitedsome foreign countries.And I don't want to, don'tknow how, and I can't.Staszek, look!Staszek!This is... This is my pistol.You are right, we have to stay calm.You have to disarm this bastard at once.Disarm? What else do you want, miss?Then, you'll kick him out of here ofcourse. Yes, I'll kick him out of here.Now...Staszek, a soldier is walkingaround your flat. In my home...Staszek, my dear, be a manonce in your life. Yes, right.Staszek,Remember it for good thateverything has its placeand it means something inhere. Do you understand?Staszek, don't leave alonewith him. Do you hear me?Do Alinka want any paste forcockroaches? I want no paste.I want no cockroaches. I want noAlinka! And Military Academy exercisesare on the next floor! I'm sorry.Remember it well finally! Are you crazy?Staszek!How much do you wantfor that piece of crap?I don't know.For your grandma. Formy grandma. Thank you.Can we talk? Be careful atthe market. Near the prisona man wearing glassesis selling a weapon.Fiat? Well, it's an unusualweapon. It doesn't sell well,problems with ammunition. Listen, wewon't get rid of him in any other way.It's a scandal.I'll give you the number- Fiat 22 015. 22 015.Number isn't a problem.I'll remember it.The German is grateful and let the catout of the bag. There is a man wearingglasses on the square whowant to hawk his machinegun.He knows him. He is aguard from Wehrmacht prison.He is a spook, I'm sure. Inglasses? Tell the guys to keepan eye on the bastard. The next one?Sure.Ties, ties...My goddess, only she can understand me.My God, my dear, it's the death of me.Since the beginning of the war I havepainted nothing but eyes and horns of deer.But deer, Cleopatra andMagdalene sell the best.You've learned it a bit butyou won't make an artist.Listen, mate, I swear, try tounderstand me, I'm the breadwinner andI have a juvenile sister, who is...she doesn't have much in her headand now this idioticItalian mouth to feed.Turn off the light! Turn off the light!You blithering idiot! It'sthe war! It's the blackout!Do you think you can playjokes on the Germans?And above all it's so awful, so selfish,when they hit the tenement houseall the people will die not only you.You think that they won't killyou because you're Italian.They won't recognize you standingin the window in this shirt.Err.. even if you had had the uniform...if you had had the uniform... why do yousleepwalk instead of sleeping at night?Maryska!Coming!Maryska!Have you called me,brother? What's this?What? Your only clothes,sweetheart. Right.And this pattern? This picturesquemotif? Oh, Jesus! You've painted it.Maryska, that's enough. Stopkidding. I'm not kidding.Don't look so surprised, this is thelube for your tanks, grenades and bombs.Staszku! Yes!Maryska, as long asit doesn't concern meyou're welcome to do whatever you want.But if you destroy mylast heirloom clothes I'll...Quiet...Hey! Macaroni head! That's the end.You bandit. Sicilian!You pig!What have you done to my trousers? Look!Right, right, a miracle, miracle.Maryska! Here you are! Itwould be my fault again.Hey, Italian, dinner is served.I mean eating. Eat, dinner. Eat.Yes.Come here.Sit down.He'll have a nice opinionabout the Polish hospitality.I won't eat with the enemy at one table.That's all because there is no man at home.I told you to kick him out ofhere. I haven't brought him here.Well, let's change the subject.He told you "bella kwoka"it's a nice compliment."Quoca" not "kwoka" if you had learnt someItalian you'd know it means "good hostess".A lady of the house.For me a dumb housewife.Good morning, "have the toads spawned"?For goodness sake! Not at the dinnertime!Staszek! "The stork has eatenthe tadpoles". We've brought...Be quiet! Staszek!Yes.Sit down, I'll help you in a moment.Come, come.But how are we going to carrythis? Didn't they tell you?They've told us it's goingto be long but not that long.What?!I have got so many problems with him.Take this. Hurry up, we'll leave together.Oh my God, it's four o'clock.My trousers!I'll kill you! Do youunderstand? You Sicilian bandit!You macaroni head.Staszek, Zosiu, a balloon.Why do you look like that?Me? I look like a human being.Zosiu, I'll go to Italy,gondolas, Venice, Capri.That's the life for an artist.But you can't speak Italian.Me? You underestimate me.Zosiu, let's talk.It's not expensive. No, thank you.Get out of here! You spook. What?Get out!So what's next, Satyr? That'sok, you're free, you can go.Run away! The Germansare catching people!A German won't spit in our face!Go dragoons!Go there!Zoska!Stop!Come here.What's this? What?You damn Italian!I'm sorry.Why don't you salute?Not like that! Like this...Happy birthday...Satyr!What Satyr? I don't knowhim. Oh my God! What have youbeen doing here? Excuseme, miss, what do you want?And first of all...Now we can talk.To the bathroom and stay there.Sorry, I've forgot about thedamned underground. Right.Staszek!Where is this idiot? Which idiot?This Sicilian bandit. In the bathroom.You damn Italian!You Mediterranean idiot!Why didn't you tell meto salute to the Germans!Malgosia, listen, tell the surgeonthat we need an immediate operation.Yes, it's a serious condition.A mosquito adores caviar.Yes. I'll tell you in a minute.In a minute, I can't tell you now.Is there anything left? Nothing.It's clear for you that the repository,the den and you are finished.I'd advise you to hide somewherein the provinces. But I can...No, you can't. the whole network is changed,the contacts are finished. Is that clear?That's an order from theheadquarters. Yes, sir.Thank you on behalf of the army.Satyr, damn you, stand up. Go.No, no. Up.Professor, you should be ashamed.I'm not a professor, only Satyr.It's delicious! I've nevereaten anything like that.Goodness me, it's delectable.Maria, Maria, you are ill.Why you don't eat?A lot of time you don't eat.Here you are, Maria.Eat, please. Maria, please.Get out of here.She's going to do it immediately.I'm finished in the underground because ofyou. Get out of my home and don't come back.No, neither your nor mymemory will follow this order...I'm sorry.Maryska!Flowers, fiancé.Hans, your hat!Smolensk! All communists are dead!All! The German - Italian friendship.This is my friend, he is a good boy.Italian.You pig! All the Italians are cowards.Yes, but he is not. He's myfriend. I have to shoot him.I have only two friends- you and him.You are my friends. Now I have none.This weapon is for the communists.No, that's ok. I like it that way. Youfinally behave like a ordinary woman.No bombs, no grenades onlyquiet, honest work. Staszek,Yes. I swear, you know moreabout socks, then about all that...And my God, my child, it's peaceand quiet like on holidays in Swider.And does the Military Academy practice?Well...Maryska, no underground. You arefinished, you know that the best.I'm vindicated. What vindication?What are you talking about?Quarantine is finished. Noquarantine! I won't let you go!Nobody will come in! I'm here! I'm here!I won't let... no! A daisyhas bloomed in the attic.Nobody!...when it's finished, call me!A gift.An arsenal? Have youfound it in Warsaw? Where?That's the end. Now she's in love.My God, why don't I have a brother?Giuseppe... Stasiek... excuse me, couldyou go to the bathroom for a second?I want to talk to Giuseppe. So wheredid you go when you left the station?Staszek, are you still here?My God, she's head over heels.Here you are. Have you found it?Staszek, could you go to the bathroom?Giuseppe, come here.This is Warsaw. This is thestation. When you left the station...Station, trains, quiet, station.When you left... we'll draw it. Doyou have the pencil I gave you?I gave you a pencil. A pencil.A kiss. A kiss? You kiss. Lot of kiss.Stop kidding, Giuseppe. Didyou go Marszalkowska Streetor Aleje Jerozolimskie?My love... do you love me? You know what,Do you love me? We shall goand you'll show me the place.Do you love me? Yes a bit. Let's go.Staszek, to the bathroom.Staszek, go to the bathroom.Staszek, Staszek, goto the bathroom. I know!Have you heard anything? Someshooting. It seems to be a cap gun.I've told them to be careful.Be careful, there arefour Germans on the corner.They've stopped. They light acigarette. They talk to a shopkeeper.More single thumps!What's going on here?We pretend we are having a party, can'tyou see? Yes, yes, very well, more.I have to talk to you. Oh no, it'simpossible now. You must be crazy.Now or never. Maryska! All right.Sit down, please. Sit down comfortably,Marysia. Make yourself at home.I have a lecture form theinfantry tactics. Marysia,Staszek, stop moaning, bequick. What's the matter?It can't go on like that. Pleaseunderstand. We are learningfrom the chapter "the infantry inattack". Giuseppe can't speak Polish.We can't understand him. I can't bedistracted. But I sit here 24 hours a day!But you've always dreamtabout your own room.Maryska, I swear, one day I'll kill you,the handsome Italian andall the students! Be quiet!Sit down!Don't even think about it! You're not evensworn in! Me? Be quiet? In my own home?No! It won't be like that!Beside all, I have to leave evenif the world would come to an end!And I have to tell you something.I'm the breadwinner.Me!I feed you, the Italian and the army.That's enough! Stoptalking about the army.Mar... You can go. Even now.But he is wearing my clothes, Maryska!Yes, he is! Should he be wearingan enemy army uniform? Aninstructor of the UndergroundMilitary Academy? I'm not crazy yet. Noproblem, but there are no eggs, carbide,bread, flour and money.Stasiek, I swear.We go through "the street fights" chapterand then do whatever you want.Please understand, it'sabout discipline, the program...What program? Theprogram must be fulfilled.Calm down, Maryska. Come on, Stasiek.They're calling me.Sweetheart... I'm here!Be quick... Maryska!Badoglio government has surrendered!As we have announced, the government ofMarshal Badoglio betrayed us and signedthe capitulation of the ItalianArmy to the British and American Armywho entered the Italian territory.The Italian surrender is a disgustingbetrayal of Europe done by Emanuel IIIa lying puppet king and his...People! Help!The German Army is totally in controlof military situation in Italy.The Italian army doesn't exist.This is the worst betrayal everwritten about in the history.Fuhrer said: the betrayers of theItalian nation will be given a lesson...Long live Italy! Viva Italy!What do you want? The end of the war!I don't understand. He's lost the war...No, no, no I need to do mybusiness. People! People! I... Polishfrom Skierniewice... People! people!Watch out! The Germans! Are you nuts?So, Giuseppe Santuchi, youdon't understand German?No, Captain!How much did you get foryour weapon? No, Captain!Listen Giuseppe Santuchi, do you wantto come back to your military unitand be shot there? or do youwant us to deal with you here?No.. holidays...Yes, Sir.Tell him that he is a deserter andhe'll be shot at the Military Court.But he has to tell us first,we have special methods here,that even the Italian couldn't imagine.No, this is not Italian! This is bullshit! We speak German. This is not Italian.Quiet you pig! I keep youhere so you don't have to fightat the front line and you can'tspeak Italian? Stop, stop! Come back!And you tell me that you can speakItalian better that the Italian!But Captain! Be quiet! I send you tothe front line with the next train.Captain, they have stolen myweapon on the train. Soldiers!Why hasn't anybodystolen my gun? Shut up.Do you know what they do with the soldierswho have been disarmed? You dump pig!Captain, holiday, no weapon, Rome...You damn Italian, youcivilian, stand up!A gun is for a soldier like a wife!He sleeps with it, eat with it.A word of honor...I'll shoot myself but firstI'll shoot you, bandit!I'll shoot you later. Take him away. I'lltalk to him later, you Italian bandit.But we'll speak German. Go!My God!Maria!What's the matter?What's wrong?Does it hurt so much? Sit down.Sit down.Wait.Lie down.It must be appendicitis. AuntWisia died because of that.I'll bring you some tea and a medicine.Who did you sell yourgun to? I didn't sell it.Yes, right. Come! I go myself!Dinner! Go! Sour milk! Delicious!I know one house... we can go there...it will take us two hours... a girl.I am married. I have four children.Four children and onewife, this is a problem.She wants me to send her money.Others send gold, rings. And me?Where should I take themoney from? From my wage?Dinner! Stand up! Dinner!I'll go to the market and askZosia if she saw Staszek,and we'll meet at Zbozowa Streetat 2 o'clock. Repeat:"Zbozowa at 2 o'clock""Zbozowa street at 2 o'clock".That's fine. We can't go out together...There's the war.Do you have the food coupons?Good morning, Sir Kowalski.Good morning, Sir.Yes, these are the ones we need.Kowalski's gone crazy about hiding.Last week he dressed up as a child. Hewas wearing shorts and had a lollypop.Santuchi! Get up!Captain Kiszke iswaiting for you. Maryska!He wants to talk toyou. But he's very angry!Quickly! Go!You are here, you damn Italian! You pig!I have one hour. Let'sdo something. What?Weapon business. An hour istoo much, we have to do it now.What's this? A machinegun and "parabellum".That is a piece of shit.What are you doing? Come back!This is not in my interests.I don't have any money.Let me go, damn you. I'm sorry.What's the matter? Let's go. I have toget some weapon. Business is business.Speak German. I don't understand you.I need to shoot. Do you understand?Listen,A street, only one soldier. You...The Germans? Why not?Holiday, house, money, children,luxury. But why me? It should be you.Me?You. I don't know the Germans. Theyare pigs for you. You should do it.Me? Goodbye. With myhands? I don't have a gun.Take that.The money is for you. Yes, for me.Stop! Hands up! Man!What's that? I have awife two children and an old father.Stand up, turn round and go home.Not good, once again. We try again.You are stupid. My gun!Stop! hands up! What areyou doing? I have a wife.The barracks? Straight? No, here.Stop, hands up! Go! Help!In the German uniform?Did he speak German? Where?Here.Stop! Hands up!Run away, you damn bandit!Be careful, come."Mauser", a piece ofshit. Not good price.Look here.Yes, this is good.Stop, hands up! What's the matter?Stop!I was walking here and therewere tree Germans in uniforms.Those are they.We met a group of people in German uniforms.They were disarming the German soldiers.What? There was some shooting.Fight them! Shoot at them!Have you really seen Staszek?Staszek is a hero.A hero?You must be joking.Good morning, You aregiven a decoration formeritorious service andgaining several guns,grenades and other kinds ofweapon from the enemy.Didn't you recognize Janek? Hearrested me when you came to usfor the first time. See?He didn't recognize you.Good morning. Giuseppe Santuchi?Yes. Who are you?It's Wiktor's order. TheUnderground War Tribunal.Three days ago in a tram... Which number?It's the secret of the court. A patrolof the Underground Army soldiers,who were going on a militaryoperation was disarmed by deceit.By deceit, sure! They wererobbed. Our investigation provedthat he was the one who stole the guns.He was dressed up as anItalian soldier. Do you confess?Do you confess?They were dressed up in German uniforms.Yes, we have to introduce somemarks for the Underground soldiers.White and red armbands or littleeagles, here will be the best.This is not a discussion forus to have. The Army Tribunalsentences you to death. Stop kidding.Yes, but not from us.Shoot! Shoot! All bandits!You'll tell all that to the Commander.Who are you shooting at?You idiot! They are Polish!To civilians, to Polish people?Giuseppe, Giuseppe, don't be afraid! Thisis us! You idiot, who are you shooting at?At your own people?Shoot! Shoot now!Help!Sta... Staszek!Staszku, for goodness sake,what has happened to you?Where have you been? Iwas walking in the forestand picking up mushrooms.There is shooting in the city.There are many Germans killed. I'm surethey're arresting people. Haven't you seen?No, they aren't. Ihaven't seen anything.Italian, give me backmy clothes, right now.Have you heard that? I'm sick of thatuniform. Staszku, all that on your own...?What? Yes, me. there's somemore left on the stairs.Are you nuts? I have alwayssaid that we would allbe lost because of him. Have youwalked with all that through the city?No, no I've flown.Jesus! A million of spookshave seen you! We're lost. Maryska,it's all your fault, yours and his!I wanted to keep out ofthis and I didn't manage to.Daisy? Listen, there is some food forthe canaries. With the old stock itmay need a truck. Immediately.Immediately! I'm waiting. Yes. Yes.Giuseppe! We have to pack this quickly.The boys will be here in a moment andGestapo as well.Attention!Who are you, bandit?I'm from an infantry regiment.What? East front line!You! Walter Botke from 3 company.Shoot him! And you?Waldemar Miller. Execution.Otto, execution too?No, East front line.Thank you.Captain Kiszke, welcome.East front line, general?No, execution."Are the canaries hungry"?Catch!Giuseppe, my dresses! Quickly! Quickly!Be careful!Not, this one. That one.Staszek for goodnesssake! Staszek! What?We're running away! It's goingto be hell here, in a moment!I'm staying.Have you lost your mind?We have to go! Stasiek!I need piece and quiet.Suit yourself. Goodbye.Stasiek! Maryska!Giuseppe! Giuseppe! Catch her!Get out! Round up the house! Quickly!There's nobody at home.Who, the hell, is this?Open! The police! Jarek, stop kidding.These are not the times for an artist.Stop! Stop! He can't control it. Brake!I don't have brakes.Password, password!"The canaries have eaten a stork",or something like that.Not good, not good.Tomato sauce very good.Take that.No, no I can't, thank you. No, nothat's not for me, I'm a dreamer.There are some morepaintings I'd like to paint.I'll walk in the forest,paint, work romantically.The canaries have eaten a stork.Men! Help! The Germans!Men! Alarm! Alarm!I don't know how to shoot!If I had found it earlierthere wouldn't be all that mess.