
        foodval.com - stop by if you're interested in the nutritional composition of food  --- 
        Hey, Hudson.Hudson. It's...Who are you?How do you know my name?Dude, come on, it's me.It's Ryan?I don't know you.-Want me to call the cops?-Seriously?Ah! I got you. Oh my God,your face.-Come here, cousin.-God.It was so funny. It was so fun.I needed that. Thank you.-You all right?-Not really. Come on in.



You want me to close this?-Oh, sorry. I got it.-No, it's all right.It's all right.Yeah, I got it.I'll just put it over here.So, uh, how have you been?What have you been up to?Not much, you know.Writing mostly.Get out of here. Writing what?Uh, haikus.-Haiku...-It's this Japanese,uh, form of poetrythat's based on syllables.So it's kind of coolbecause, you know,even though we haveentirely different languages,you know,the syllables are global.-Like, we...But all use syllables, so...-That's true.



Everyone has, uh, syllables."It's nighttime again"I can't see"Where is the light?"Dark, dark"and more dark"That's pretty dark.But I liked it. It was good.-That was good.-Oh, thanks.-Sure.-I appreciate it.Well, life is fragile.Take things for granted and...You know, you hear it in moviesand books all the time.Life moves so fast, and...It's just all...Just a flat screenuntil it happens to you.So, hey, I, um,I was on my way upfor a film shoot.But I have all this free time.I'm on hold.I really don't knowwhen we're doingthese reshoots, so...What do you sayI grab a hotelor a bed and breakfastor something,and I'll figure out where I'm...Hotel, shut the fuck up.No, you stay...You stay here for free.I wouldn't wanna...Wouldn't want to be a burden.Oh, I'd love to havesome company.-You sure?-Yeah. It'd be great.All right. All right.Let's, uh... We'll be bunkmates.Yeah, althoughI don't have bunk beds.Ha, gotcha.See, we're smiling already.It's already a good idea.Do you have a bathroom?Yeah, bathroom is back there.Could you put the caron the floor?-Yeah, sure.-Thanks. I've got fewmore laps to get in.-Yeah. Yeah, I understand.-Thanks.Let me knowif you need anything.Hey, it's Beth.Leave me a message,and I'll get back to you.-Taking a tour?-Hey.Yeah, this room's great.It has all your old stuff in it.It's like a museum.I'm sorry. I didn't...I didn't... I think it was...Was it not already broken?Yeah, I thoughtabout remodeling,but haven't reallygot around to it.I mean, what's the point?Do you wanna play croquet?-You good? It's your turn.-Oh, just gonna get my left arm.I hear you sell sandwiches now.What?No. I mean, I was inthe sandwich commercial.Yeah. Right.When you're doingthe commercial,do you get to eat the sandwich?It's plastic.They make it. They spray...They spray paint it.They put... They, uh...-That's...-...like a little filmon the top, to make it look...Just use a real sandwich.Remember we used tolock each otherunder Grandpa's porch,and you'd have to use the toolsunder there, to break out.Yeah.Yeah, yeah, you were, uh...You were really goodwith those tools.You were like MacGyver.Yeah, I used to be.You remember that timeyou were, uh,walking to the doctor'swith your mom?And then you tripped and fell,and your teeth went throughyour bottom lip.And you got the stitches,and then you went backto the doctorto check them next dayand you fell again.I know you weretoo busy to make it.What's up with the tent?I don't know.Psst. Ryan.Ryan.-Ryan, wake up.-Hmm.I found this in your wallet.I want to scatter my mom's ashesat the willow treeat Cherry Ridge.Remember the place?I don't have a driver's license,but you do,so you can take us there.It's fate.It's fate thatyou're here today,-it brought us together.-Hudson.It's not fatewhen you go throughsomebody's wallet.It's fate.Okay. Can we talkabout it tomorrow?Oh, yeah, yeah, totally.Okay, get some sleep.That thing still run?Yeah. I mean...Uh, I don't know.Oh, I'll check it.Are you... Are you okay?-There's no gas in the car.-Oh.Do you think this is gonna work?Yeah, it is.-Ready?-Oh, I got to get my mom.-Ready?-Yeah.-Here we go.-All right.- Who's that?- It's my neighbor.Oh, my God,this is happening.-Hi, Colleen.-Hudson. How are you?Uh, you know,hanging in there.I heard about your mom.I'm so sorry.Oh, thanks. I appreciate it.I haven't seen you in a while.You've been okay?I've been right here.She was a gem of a woman.I don't... I don't knowwhat I'd do without my mom.- I don't know.- Well, yeah.I don't know howyou're gonna do it.- Well...- I don't know.Uh, yeah... Yeah.If you need anything, anything,you just come over, okay?I could make us some TV dinners.I could... I couldmake a casserole.Oh, yeah. TV dinner?Sounds pretty good.I know you get the good ones.Oh, yeah. You shouldcome over and see the cats.- Oh, yeah.- They would love to see you.You know, they wouldjust love to see you.I think we gottahit the road now.You always loved Snowballand Mr. Jingles.-Yes, yes.-Nice meeting you.Have a safe trip.Nice meeting you.Wait. Who's this guy?Who's that guy?Thank you, Colleen.I planted a tree for your mom.Oh, that's helpful.Thank you.She's not wearing any pants.Remember,it's got the swing on it?Uh, what's that?The willow treewhere we're going,it's got a swing on it.Um.Sort of.We all went to Cherry Ridgewhen we were kids, remember?It was me, you, my mom, my dad,your mom and Hobbs.My God. Hobbs.We couldn't find him...We had to, like...It was getting dark.We thought he was...We'd have to leave him there.That dog ran awayso many times...-Five. Six times.-Whatever happened to him?He died. He got hit by a car.Oh, right.Because he ran away.You know, how many timescan you really run away?Right, right, right."All of the flames burn"My dreamsdon't have you in them"No, not anymore"It's kinda sad.Hey. Do you wantto get ice cream?Uh, it's 7:00 a.m.Do you want to getice cream at 7:00 a.m.?-I think they open super early.-You think they're open?I know he is.Yeah, we should probablystep on it 'cause there willprobably be a line.Yeah, I don't thinkthere's gonna be a line.for ice cream at 7:00,but all right.It's really popular.It's gotten even more popularsince you were there.Uh, what flavordo you want, Ryan?Uh, chocolate and vanilla.Chocolate and vanilla.Sprinkles?Sure.Great. And what kind of dip?Do you want a...You should get a dip.Oh, that was fast.Here you go, Ryan.Thank you, sir. Cheers.But don't actually touch thembecause they'll fall apart.Mmm, how's yours?It's, uh... I'm not,I'm not gonna do this.You just dropped your ice cream.-Come on.-What?-Come on.-What?Suburban sprawl.I could never live like this.I don't know how people do it.Everything looksexactly the same.Look at this.Where do you live in New York?Well, I live with my girlfriendin the... In the East Village.It's nice. It's, uh...You know, it's more the areathat you want to be inthan the sizeof the apartment.But we have both.I just like thatthere's always somethinghappening there. You know.You have a girlfriend?Yeah.Oh, what's her name?Beth.What's her middle name?Elizabeth.So your girlfriend's nameis Elizabeth Elizabeth?I don't wanna talk about it.I'm gonna run to the bathroom.How's your day, guys?You, uh...It's beautiful up herethis time of year.It's an old guy, huh?Four... Is it four-wheel drive?What you got there? IPA?It's good talking to you.Best of luck.See you guys.Safe travels.It's a 240.What?It's a good car.Yeah. I don't... I don't know.Yeah. Good car.Hey, what is that thing?Oh, this is my mom.And my cousin's driving meto the willow treeat Cherry Ridgeto scatter her ashes.That's beautiful, man.That's the onewith the swing on it, right?- Yeah.- Oh, man. I love that tree.- I used to go there as a kid.- Yeah?Yeah. My grandmalives over there.I'm Sunrise, by the way.I'm Hudson.Nice to meet you.Sunrise.All right, Hudson,what's our next move?What do you mean?No, how do we getto the willow tree?Well, I don't know.So you don't knowwhere we're going?Correct.All right, all right.Well, we'll justget up to that area,and then we'll ask.We'll ask around.Sunrise, she knows where it is.What?No, no. We're not takingthat girl with us.She could be a murdereror a drug addict.Oh, no.Oh, you know her so well?We're leaving.What's wrong?- Pop the hood.- Wha...Is that?- The other button.- Sorry, hold on.That's the wipers.- All right.- There you go.Uh, excuse me.We don't we don'thave any drugs.Do you know...Do you knowwhat you're doing?Do you knowwhat you're doing?I think it's the fuel pump fuse.- Yeah?- Yeah.Sounds likethe fuel pump fuse.Yeah, that's what she just said.All right, go aheadand try and start it up.Purring like a kitty.Good luck on your journey, guys.Thank youWhat is she doing?I'm not a hitchhiker.Just throwing that out there.Sounds like somethinga hitchhiker would say.- Here you go.- Thank you.Watch... Hudson.Hudson, I'm driving.All right. Yeah, here it is.So if we take 44-55,that's gonna connect usright to the back roads,and then we'll be,like, right there.That's near,uh, railroad tracks.- Yeah.Yeah. Just use my phone.Eh, no, thanks.I don't like those things.So you're headedup to Cherry Ridge?Yeah, that's where my family is.It's my grandma's birthday.My boyfriendwas supposed to take me,but he's being a dick, so...Such a dick.So what are you?Like, a mechanic?Uh, I workedin a shop for a while,but right now I'm just tryingto save up all my moneybecause I really wantto open an animal rescueand just be surrounded by dogs.What about birds?Yeah, birds, too. Whatever.That's fucking awesome.I just shot a moviewith animals, actually.And, uh, the directorhad these owlsjust flying back and forthacross this room,and one of them just decided,it got distracted or whatever,and it just startedto lay into this one actress.And its claws got tangledin her hair, and it startedto tear at her scalp.She was bleedingall down her face.So I'm still waiting to...To do reshoots on that.But I'm an actor.Hmm. Is she okay?No.I don't...I don't watch movies, so...Yeah, me neither.Sorry about your mom.Thank you.What are you writing?Oh, just, um, haikus.That's cool. Can I hear one?Um, sure."The dead flowers sings"Even though no one listens"Sing flower, you're good"Wow.It's beautiful. Seriously.- Thanks.- Yeah.I'm hungry.Are they free?They are trees.Of course they're free.Take as many as you want, bud.Nick.Yes, I'm gonna move it!If I tell you,I'm gonna move it,then what do you thinkthat means, Dad? Relax.How's it going?-I'm good. Thank you.-Great.-I'm just herewith my new friends.-Hey.- Uh, this is Hudson.- Hey, Hudson.-Hi.-That's his mom.Uh, that's Ryan.Hi.What's your name again?- Nick.Nick, nice to meet you.- Nice to meet you.Thanks for coming.So Hudson's neverhad cider before.-You got to be kidding me.-Yeah.Well, let's rectify that.Come on.-I think we want to try both.-You got it.Cortland is, uh...It's a darker red apple.Uh, it's got, it's more robust.It's got more rich flavor.Mmm-hmm.More full-bodied,whereas...I think this one's bad.This one... It tasted,like, cloudy or...Cloudy is really moreof a look than a taste,but that's okay.If you don't like it,then maybe...Sorry.The Empire, uh, starts tart,and then goes sweet,and then at the back end,it sort of goes backto tart again.- So it's kind of a sweet...- Mmm.Oh, no, that's...Something is definitely wrong.- Yeah, man. I just think.I think that's how cider tastes.No, it tastes...No one else should drink that.You are gettingvery sleepy.He's been here forever,and he doesn't even look old.I think it's the apples.He probably eatslike a hundred a day.Doesn't seem, uh, healthy.Whoa.I used to jugglein gym class as a final.- What?- Yeah.- Gym class?- Juggled for 30 seconds.Oh, that's weird.Yeah, it was weird.The guy wore a fanny pack.Well, this corner...That corner...- That didn't go over so well.- Almost.Yes, I heard you!What's going on?Uh, somebody got lostin the corn maze again.Oh.Does this,uh, happen often?Uh, yeah, several times a day,more than you realize, actually.Hunter!- Hudson.- It's Hudson.- Hudson!- Hudson!Hudson.What's the worst thingthat's ever happenedin this corn maze?Uh, I'm legallynot allowed to tell you that.Bear attack.-No shit.-Yeah, yeah.- Hudson!- Hudson!-Who gets lost ina child's corn maze?-Yeah.What're you doingon the ground, man?You okay?We got him.-All right. Grab his hat.-Who... Who's that guy?Is that the cider guy?-Yeah.-Yeah, that's the cider guy.You're welcome.Section five secure.Can't you just go in?I usually have to wait.Every time?He makes you wait every timeto make an appointment?Hudson, hi.- Hi, Maureen. Hi.- Hi.Hudson, I'm really sorry.Oh, thanks. It's okay.Yeah, thank you.Cause your mom, uh...Yeah.Uh, that plant's dead.Yeah, it's dead.I thought I wouldsee you sooner.It's okay.Okay.So...Okay. Um, whenever you're ready.Okay.Are you still getting headaches?Um, it's just shortnessof breath, really.How often do youcome in here, man?He's a regular, which we like.Anyway, um, Hudson,your blood pressure'spretty high.Uh, but he'll be in,in a minute.See you soon.Bye.What?That's impossible.Panic attacks again?Come on, Hudson.Hey, Uncle Jerry.Got a regular reunion here, huh?Get off my scale.Sorry.Look at me.Follow my finger.Dad, how comeyou didn't cometo Mom's funeral?Hudson, I haven'tseen your mom in like25 years, so...I'm really freaked outto see you two together,I'll tell you that.Why is that?Oh, you don't know that story?Wait, who are you?I'm Sunrise.- Of course you are.- Dope necklace.Oh...Yeah, that was, uh...I got this froma Cheyenne holy womanone really cold nightin Wyoming.Oh yeah...Yeah, that's another story.When they were kids,Ryan pushed Hudsonout onto a frozen lake.Uncle Jerry, you can't...You can't say that. It wasn't...It wasn't... It wasn't just me.It's not what happened.Are you talking?I can't hear you, man.I got the stethoscope in.So Hudson went through the ice,almost drowned. Another one,Got hypothermiaand minor brain damage.One more.Yeah, so that's whyevery once in a while,you know, he seems a little...Are you...Did you just call me retarded?I didn't say that, Hudson.Yeah, you kinda did.Uh, not exactly.Hudson, I'm sorry.There's nothing wrong with you.Yeah, yeah.Well, I got other patients.Oh, um, I broughtMom's ashes, if you want some,I don't know, maybe youmight want some of her ashes.I don't know.It's really thoughtfulof you, Hudson.And kinda creepybut, uh, fuck it.Yeah, sure.If you want,I'll take 'em.-Okay.-Yeah.I'll figure outsomething to do with 'em.I'll get somewhere to put 'em."When I was a kid"I used to be scared at night"You left the light on"We get along okay.And he left to startthis other family.He had new kids. I sort of justsaw him less and lessand just became thisperson getting fartherand farther awayin his rear view mirror.Yeah, and...Now, I'm all grown up,it's like I'm justa stranger to him.He doesn't reallyknow me at all.Sorry.Ugh, you guys like ketchup?No.Makes everythingtaste like ketchup.Ranch dressing all the way.- Yeah.- Mmm, that sounds good.Mmm-hmm.Mustard?You guys like mustard?Plain or Dijon?- Dijon for sure.- Ryan.What's up, man?- Hey.- Joe.Yeah, I know, Joe.What's up, man.What're you doing here, man?Um, reshoots.- Oh, no shit.- Yeah.- That's cool, man.- How about you?Uh, actually, I'm doingsome location stufffor this comic book thingthat I just booked.-As an actor?-Yeah, man, of course.What else?- That's huge.- Yeah, bro. It's gonna be...It's next level shit.A lot of money.Shooting overseas...Right now,we're scatteringmy mom's ashes.- Is that her?- Mmm-hmm.That's Mom?-Pretty much.-Okay.Mind if I grab a strawberry?Never get to eatany of this fatty food.Mmm. That's good.How's Beth, man?- Good.- Good.That's awesome, bro.Good to hear.You know,just between me and you,if that one gets away from you,I'm nabbing her up.Yeah.Anywho.Hey. Yeah, no.I'm coming right now.There I'm is.Nah, just some fans.Hey, I'll talk to youguys later.Yeah.No, I wasn'ttalking to anybody.Yeah. No way!I'm going to the bathroom.Is that true?I didn't push him.Ugh. Maybe I did. I don't know.We were young,we were stupid.We were just playinga dumb game.Seeing how far we couldpush each other outonto the lake and...It just happened.I don't know.Hey, remember this place?Not really.Yeah, you do.It's a mini golf coursewe used to play at.I was really good.I beat Ryan a lot.I didn't always lose.He would get really mad,take his putterand swing it over his headand, like, throw it really far.Yeah, that happened once.Uh, it happened all the time.And once, it, like,went in the parking lot,and it hit a car.My mom would yell at him.Hey, what're you doin'?We have red, yellow,orange, yellow.You might enjoyour Super Deluxefun package.It has batting cages.We could turnthe waterfall on for you,and you can have slushies.No, that's okay.Nobody needs a slushie.Hudson, why don't you justgrab a ball, and, uh...All right.We'll see how you feelat the end of this game.These clubs regulation?Uh-huh.- What is he doing?- I don't know.-You sure you wantto put the ball there?-Shh.You know the rules.You don't talkwhen somebody's gonna swing.Sunrise, what did you geton that last one?I think, like, a six.-Where's your club?-Uh...-And I got a two.-I don't know. I don't know.Okay, Bob.It all comes down to this.Off and on,lots of ups and downs.He has had a lot ofinteresting ball placementthroughout the day,-not sure if he wantsto put the ball...-Shut up.Ooh, that's gotta hurt.It's aboutwhat he's been doing all day.It's fine. It's all right.It's all right.It's just a game.Just a game.So the final tally wasPrincess Sunflower, 52.-Yes.-Mr. Crybaby,your final score was 39.And Your Majesty got 33.It was a good game.I think I'm gonnaput this on my fridge.-Can I see that?-Yeah.That wasn't very nice.Yeah.I have to get my shit together?No, you have to getyour shit together.Yeah.Hey, it's Beth.Leave me a message...Ow!Oh, Hudson!I got it.- Yes. Thank you.- Boom.Deserves.So how's it start?Oh, right.So you have your fingerslocked like this.Then you bring these fingers upto make the steeple,you put your thumbsin front to make the doorsof the church.Hudson, can you keepyour eye on the map, please?I don't know where we're going.Oh!Clermont. Remember we wentto Clermont County Fair?Ryan, he, um...We went in the thingthat spins you aroundreally fast.And so you sit on it,and I told Ryan to, like, spit,and he did, and it wentright back in his face.It was funny.Oh. Oh, my gosh.And then we...Where are we going? Hudson.I got another story.One more story.And then we playedwhack-a-mole,and, uh, I told Ryan...Map, map, map, map,look at the map.Okay, calm down. We're on 44-55.We're just taking thisall the way untilwe hit the backroads,and then we're there.We're on the right path.What was that sound?Was that...That's bad, right? Or...I thought you saidthis was a great car.Uh, try and start her up.Yeah, she's not going anywhere.Um, if I had my toolsI could fix it but...Oh, man,you're never gonnaget service out here.So?So what do we do now?I mean, we could walk to town.It's only 5 miles that way.5 miles?Well, I mean, we could...We could cut through the woods.That would shave itdown to a mile.And I have a friendwho can fix the car.-Where? Which direction?-A mile that way...This reminds meof Boxcar Children.-What?-Who are they?The books?There're all these kidsthat live in boxcarsin the middle of the forest.And they just survive,and it's so cool.Wait, I'm sorry.It's a children's bookabout homeless childrenthat live in boxes?- Is this the right way?- Yeah.-How long have we been walking?-Too long.All right, look,I say we go back upto the roadand wait for someone to come.Dude, it's justa little bit further this...Just a little further.Actually it's that way.-It's that way.-Right. Yeah.You see this is ridiculous.You have no ideawhere you're going,and neither do you, okay?Okay, so what I'm gonna do is,I'm gonna go back upto the road.I'm gonna waitfor a human beingin civilization.All right, I'm goingback to the car. Goodbye.Dude, that's not eventhe right way.Oh, this is funny to you?It's so funny,everything's so funnyand easy going to you.With you drums.Always drumming.All right, it's bullshit.I don't buy it.Hudson doesn't buy it either.Your blue eyes and your charmand all your fuckingtoo-hip-to-be-poor outfit.It's not even my hat.I borrowed allmy friend's clothes.Look, I'm going backto New York. I have a lifeto get back to.Unlike the two of you. Goodbye.Are you okay, Ryan?It's probably been a whilesince you been the woods,huh, cuz?Probably can't waitto get back to Manhattan.There's nothing to get back to.What're you talking about?- You have an awesome apartment.- Doesn't exist.Just like my girlfriend.And my career, actually.I had nowhere else to go,and I knew you lived up here.I'm a dick.I haven't seenmy parents in 10 years.I got in a fight with themand didn't go back.What happened?I kidnapped my grandma.Huh?Well, technically,it was kidnapping,I didn't know it was illegal.I just, uh, I took herfrom her nursing homeback to her house.You know, my parentsput her in there,and I didn't thinkshe belonged there.It was a big huge waste of time.They ended upbringing her right backto the nursing home, so...Sunrise, you're a criminal.I guess it's my turn.I, uh...I wish I'd, uh,done something to makemy mom proud before she died.You know, instead of justliving under her roofand eating her food,and, occasionally,taking out her garbage.Now, there's nobody...Nobody really left to...To care.Hey.Let's go.Everyone up. Come on.We can do this.Come on.Hudson, come on.Hudson.Hey!Who's that guy?I don't know, but looks likeshe really likes him.What? How do you know?You don't know that.It's kind of a long hug.Hey.- Al saved the day.He's the best.So he's gonna gotow the car back here.He's gonna fix it.It should take, like, an hour,an hour-and-a-half.Yeah, who...What, is Al your friendor an old boyfriend or...- What?- Is anyone else hungry?Yeah, I am. Are you?-Yeah.-Yeah.I can goget us something.-Yeah, I'll come with you.-Nah, I'll be okay.Um, I'm just gonnago over there to Rong Chengs.Chinese. Sounds good.I'm gonna go ask Alif he's got a first aid kit.-All right.-Yeah.You know,you reallyjust got to chill out.Yeah?Just thought I'd befurther along than I am.Nothing has turned outthe way that I'd planned it.What did you plan?What was your grand plan?Everything wasvery simple before.I think you're just takingeverything way too seriously.You're lookingat everything wrong.This should bean exciting time.Like, no one's tellingyou what to do.You don't have to worryabout anyone else.No boss, no girlfriend.No place to live.Those all soundlike terrible things.Well, you can dowhatever you want.That's awesome.You know, people wishthey could do that.I don't know.I think you're too much...You're just in your head.That's all.-Sorry.-Did you listen to anythingthat I just said?-Come on.-Yeah.Peace offering?Got it.I hope you like food."Make serious decisionsin the last few daysof the month."What's the date?"Listen to yourself more often."That's good."Keep your feet on the groundand your thoughtsat lofty heights."I don't know what that means.You doin' okay?Yeah, I don't thinkyou need those, Hudson.Have you seriously never driven?Uh-oh.Here comes the blue car.Am I going too fast?- Whoo.- Uh, no.All right, give me the keys.Go ahead and just takethis road all the way down,you'll hit that barnI was telling you about.That red barn.Just park there.They don't care.Take the railroad tracks,follow those for a while,and then it will justhit this clearing.The tree is right there.You can't miss it.Thanks.You're going to be fine.Bye, I think.Oh, she left the window down.I'll get that up.Looks a little different now.Hudson, where you goin'?Hey.Hudson!Hold up! Stop running!So just tell me this.Does this hurt?Relax, relax. Does this hurt?No? Okay. Good, good.This?Okay, okay.What you do?Throw him off a cliff?He tripped.I ran and tripped and felland landed on my...- My arm.- Put your hand on there.It's not broken.I'm 99% sure that.You got a sprain here,maybe some bruising.Fucking Velcro.Okay. Here we go.You're gonna haveto get this looked at againin about a week.Okay. I'll make an appointment.-Here?-Yeah, definitely here.If that's okay.Yeah, yeah.Yeah, that's cool.Let's get thison the correct side.Okay. Good. Good.Try not to run away from stuffthat isn't there, okay?Maybe, uh, I don't know,maybe you want to fallby the house sometime,have a beer.Um, sure.- Maybe, uh...- A little, uh...Yeah, that'd be great.I have some really good shit.And, you know what?It'll help mellow you out.Just... Yeah.- Yeah, I see that.- Do that with me.- You felt that.- I felt that.I can see thatin your eyes.- Yeah.All right.Here, let me help you.I'll go around.- Can you do the thing?- Yeah, yeah.- Thanks.- You good?Are you okay?Hudson.Yeah?I, uh...I never meant, um...Oh, it's okay, man. I get it.- Yeah? I'm sorry.- It's okay.I'm sorry.-You all right?-Yeah.-Here is your hat.-It's more of the... Thanks.-Yeah.-Thank you.Sure. You hungry?Oh, yeah.You think I can stay herefor a few days?Yeah. Yeah, of course.Stay as long as you like.-It'd be great.-All right.