
        foodval.com - stop by if you're interested in the nutritional composition of food  --- 
        Red Star is on sight.Headed due south.Payload is onboard.Stepanenko has arrived.Wait a second.Oh, shit.Stepanenko is not alone.Repeat, he's not...Ahh!Red Star is down.I need backup.They have the payload.Where the fuck is my backup?



- Olga. It's me, it's me!- No! No!- Martin?- You okay?- What are you doing here?- You stay in the car, don't move.Throw me the bag.Let her go.I'll throw the bagwhen you let her go.Just listen to me, all right?You let her go,and you walk away,that will be the end of it.But if you do not,you are a dead man.Throw me the fucking bag!Whoa! Whoa!Twenty minutes.You all set?Yeah, I'm good.



- What the hell is that?- Avocado salad, low-fat yogurt.- I'm detoxing.- You're detoxing. What for?- You're 12 years old.- So amazing.You can clean outyour whole body.It works on your mind andyour feelings and your life.Everything changesfor the better.It's so powerful,do you know what I mean?Sorry, am I boring you?What did you say,sweetheart?Never mind.Listen. This Richie May.He's got the range,but you got the power.He's really tricky.He's gonna keep you dancingat the end of his jab,so you need to use your legs,create space and bide your time.And when he gets tired,move in for the knockout.Lees, I'm gonna dowhat I always do, okay?I'm gonna walk him down,smash straight through him.I don't thinkthat will work, Dad.Don't you worry about it,you leave it up to me.- You're sure?- 'Course I'm sure.Anyway, what is this,20 Questions? Go on.What are the oddson the next match?Bully Boy, 2.8.Richie May, 1.9.2.8 for the Bull?You kidding me?Richie May wonthe last K1 Grand Prix.He kicked the shit out of The Flyand almost choked Garry Newman.Bully Boy shouldbe way over three.2.8 it is.- What's the minimum bet?- Fifty.Oh, you're a real highroller, aren't you?Here's 500.Richie May.Are you ready?Are you ready? Fight!Haymaker! Haymaker!He's got the range,use your legs!Dad!Can you fight? Look at me.Can you fight?Yeah!Stop! Come on, Dad!Come on!It's time to stop!Dad!Dad!You all right?For the lady.Better luck next time,Bully Boy.What the fuck is that?Did you bet against me?I tried to warn you,but you were clearlynot listening.Why would you do that?Huh?I don't know what'sbeen up with you lately.You've just notbeen... focused.Lees. Lees!Oh, my God, I gotta see you.Babe, are you all right?I'm sorry, I didn't meanto turn it on.Just go, all right?Just go.Baby.- Look, I'm sorry, I didn't...- Just fucking leave!- Just go!- All right.Ready?Remember what I told you.Dad, I've been thinking.You like it here, right?It's all right.I'm tired of movingall the time.I think we shouldsettle down here.Open a restaurantor something.What do you think?You know whatI think, Lees.I think we shouldkeep moving. You know?That's the way we do it, right?Me and you, we're a team.But why?Look, you're notconcentrating, are you?Do you remember what I saidabout aiming the gun?Use these gun sights to aim.All right?You don't look at the target,target's in the background, blurry.You're still aimingat it, but it's these.That's what you useto focus. Yeah?Come on, you know what to do.Have another go.I want to start schoolthis fall.What?Lees, you're notconcentrating, are you? Focus.Dad, I have to think about my future.I have to have a profession.What, you want an office job?Come on.I'm not saying that.I could be, like,a writer or an artist.Oh, yeah. That's just what the worldneeds, is another artist.Begging on the streetfor money."Please, please pay me,pay me to expressmy innermost thoughts."What have I always told you,Lees? It's to be independent.Don't have to relyon anyone else.But to be independent,I have to have skills.You got plenty of skills.I taught you everythingyou need to know.After this summer, I'm starting school.That's it.Police areinvestigating the sudden illnessof a Russian oppositionactivist named Sergei Skuratov.Skuratov and his wife were found unconsciousSunday in New York's Central Park,after attendingthe international summit......on regime evolution in Russia.This is a major incident.We have determinedthat it was attempted murderby administrationof a nerve agent.I will not...Lees, I'm off to work.Lees, off to work.Be back late, okay?I've put you a pizza in the oven.Frozen pizza again?Do you ever listento anything I say?I'm detoxing.All right, break it up, lads!Right! I said break it up!Enough! Okay?Break it up!Get the fuck out of here!Mate, what the fuckwas that all about?You want the policeto turn up here again?Sorry, I'm all right.Listen to me.Get your shit together.You hear me?Sorry, mate.Okay. Next.That was quite an impressivedisplay of anger management, Martin.Purse on the tray.Did you know that anger is alwayspreceded by feelings of pain?You should probably mind your ownbusiness, don't you, love?Next.We are in the same business.We need to talk.You forgot this.I'd be a bit more careful with mybelongings if I was you, Ms. Stepanenko.Interesting name, huh?What is it?Russian?Ukrainian.You do remember my father,Egor, don't you?You worked with him.The Gazette?Kiev, 12 years ago?He told me you werethe best investigative reporterhe'd ever met.I think you might have meconfused with somebody else.This was takenon my father's cell phone.It was taken just a few daysbefore he died.My father,his colleague Olga...and this is you, right?How did you find me?I'm a journalist,just like my dad.What do you want?My father's missionis mine now.Nothing has changedsince he died.Have you seenthe latest news?Look, what happened to yourfather, that was a tragedy, but...I need your helpto get the files.Down!Sasha!Martin! You old fox.Home at last.Been a long time, huh?What's going on, Trevor?Old lady throw you out again?Or CIA starting another war?Just craving a littlechitchat with an old buddy.Why don't you sit down?See you found the beer.Pleased to meet you.John Edwards, MI6.Heard a lot about you.- You're bleeding.- Oh, don't worry.Nothing serious, just a littleintranasal tumor. Comes and goes.Just can't seem to find the timeto schedule the surgery, though.I'd get on to that if I was you.Can't be too careful.Wanna tell me what you're doinghere in the middle of the night?Alrighty.Let's get down to it.We're here because of your littletête-à-tête with that cute reporter.What exactlydid you two discuss?I don't know what to tell you, Trevor.I mean, I'm a bouncer.You know, part of the job descriptionis you gotta talk to people.When you quit MI6,we had an agreement.You don't mess with our business,we don't mess with yours.I told you then.If you tried to get backin the game,I'd take you out.Now, did shemention the files?It's 12 years ago, Trevor.Why the fuck are youbringing it up now?You know what happened.The Russians got the files.Mission not accomplished.Well, the realityturns out to bea bit more complicatedthan that.Please, enlighten me.We're all worriedabout your health, Martin.What's that supposed to mean?They will find you.The Hilton,yesterday morning.He wasless fortunate than you.- Who is he?- One of our chaps.Got too close to her.They nabbed himby surprise.The stakes havegone up, Martin.The Russianshave repeatedly usednerve agent in the UK.Now they've done iton our turf as well.We consider thisan act of war.Work with us Martin,we'll protect you.Otherwise, well...you could end upwith a new smile too.Dad?Lees, back to bed, please.- Back to bed.- Lisa!Last time I saw you, youwere wearing a poopy diaper.- Can't sleep.- You need to go back to bed, sweetheart, okay?Some daughter you got there.She's growing up fast.Looks just like her mother.I look like myself.Listen, Martin,I get you don't givea rat's ass about the Russians.Fine. But you realizethose fileswould probably expose thescumbag who betrayed us in Kiev.If we find the ratin our network,I promise you,he will face a firing squad.Don't you want to know who'sresponsible for her mother's death?- My mother was in an accident.- An accident?- Trevor...- A car accident.- You didn't tell her?- Tell me...Right, that's enough.Get out. Lees! Lees!Think about the traitor,Martin.Wouldn't you just love toencourage his disappearance?Trevor, I told you before,I'm out. Now, fuck off!Very well. If there's ever anythingyou'd like to share with me,you know where to find me.Good seeing youagain, Martin.I'm sorry, Lees.I was gonna tell you.- Go away.- Lees, honey, just...- Will listen to me, please?- You lied to me.I was gonna tell youwhen you were older.Go away. Leave me alone.Please, honey, just...You lied to me.Promise me it willalways be like this.- Promise!- All right, I promise.- I promise.- I don't believe you.Today, Americancounterterrorism forcestook over the investigation.There is widespread speculationthat the Skuratovswere poisoned.Militarytoxicologists have concludedthat the Kremlin was mostlikely responsiblefor this heinous act ofterrorism on American soil.Lees, pack your stuff, please.What?We're leaving.Why do we have to leave?- Dad?- Just do as I say, okay?I don't want to leave.I want to stay here.- Why is it always about...- I haven't got time to argue with you!Just pack your stuff!Wonderful.Perfect profilefor a secret agent.All right, slow down.Just slow down, okay? You...Whatever you wanna know...I want the files.What files? What are you talkingabout?I don't knowwhat files! Ah!Oh!Fuck!Where does shehide them?You've gotthe fucking files!I saw the guytake the shoulder bagwith my own fucking eyes!You've got the files!No! No! Whoa,whoa, whoa! No!Fuck! Ah!Maybe thisrefreshes your memory.Okay, okay.Sasha knows where the files are.I can get them for you.She thinksI'm a journalist.I used to work with her father.You know that, right?I can get you files.- You will get them.- Yes.I want the filesand the reporter.Dead or alive,I don't care.You've got 24 hours.You will get her out.Promise me. Promise me.Promise me.Lisa.Your father is collectinga present for me.If you are nice,we will be nice.You can order all candy,chips, soda you want, okay?I want a berry smoothie.Strawberries, blueberries,raspberries and two cups of spinach.Do you like cartoons?He's justparked at Shaftesbury Avenue, Soho.Maxi Million Club.He's in.Go check it out.When I tell you I'm out,that means I'm out.- Hey, mate.- Hey.- Maxim around?- Who's asking?Tell him Bully Boy'shere to see him.Wow. Bully Boy.Have a seat.- Cognac?- I'm good.So, what brings you down herein the middle of the night?Are we okayto talk business?Yeah, sure.Go ahead.I got a fight coming upwith this Armenian guy.And the funny thing isthat the Russiansare talkingabout the Armenian guykicking the bucketduring the bout.Bucket kicking?Like, you mean... die?Apparently, there's a girlmixed up in this as well.Ukrainian girl, blonde hair,phoenix tattoo on her neck.Says she's a journalist.Know anything about that?Why should I know about her?Well, because Ifound this.In her wallet.So?So I think it's about timeyou quit the bullshit, Maxim.Don't you?Where is she?I don't like your tone,Bully Boy.Sit down. Calm down.How the fuck did youget that in here?Came to see you,didn't she?That's how she found me.You are a dead man walking.Get your phone out.Get your fucking phone out.I'm not gonna ask you again. Do it.Look at that. He's in close,but he can't get a punch in,so he ties his opponent's arms andpushes him back at the same time.See how he pushes Spenceback on the ropes?A lot of fighters getuncomfortable in that situation.Especially Shawn Spence.So you think thisSmokin' Joe will win?Oh, yeah.I'd put cash on him,70/30 odds, at least.There he goes. Oh!That hurt!What did I tell you?Wish I'd put money on that.You put money?I'm here to help you.Your father was my friend. I'm notgonna let the same thing happen to you.- Give me your phone.- Why?How do you thinkI found you?Take this. It's safe.You do know what we'reup against, right?They don't scare me.I want those files published.To avengeyour father's death?Yes. And all the others.I found his log book.The last entry was about a meetingwith a woman he called Red Star.Red Star had collected evidenceof a chemical weapons program.She had gotten holdof the formula for Novichok.She even had samples of it.Your fatherdidn't tell me that.Red Star thought it was too riskyto bring the files to the meeting,so she put them in a bank.- She put them in a bank?- Yes.- Where is this bank, Sasha?- I'm the only one who knows.The address of the bankwas in his log book.I burned it.Red Star wanted to give my fatherthe code to the safe deposit box.Shit.Very smart.I need your helpto get the code.For fuck's sake,taking a nap while on duty?Let it ring.Turn around,don't you look at me.Let me see your hands.- Who are you?- Don't you worry about that.Log into the CIA system.We'rejust a trading company.- Don't know what you think...- If you don't want me to blow your brains outall over this nice monitor,I'd do as you're told.Whoa, whoa, whoa.What you doing?What you doing?I know your game.You got a real passwordand a fake one, yeah?Let me suggest something.Put the real one in.Okay. Operation Red Star.I wanna see everythingyou've got.Keep going.12 years ago, Kiev.Okay.All right, stop.There's a handwritten note.Yellow handwritten note.Yeah?A van just pulled up outside.Men with guns.Get out of there.It's encrypted.I don't have access.Print it. Everything.Is it printing or not?- Yeah, it's coming.- Come on.Get up! Move!- Where's the escape route?- The what?- The fucking escape route!- On the back wall!Where is it?Martin!What's going on?I've got a hostage here.Martin, let's talkabout this, shall we?Come on. If you have a gun,just put it down.We don't want anyonegetting hurt.You hear me? Martin?Martin, I'm coming in.Two! Down! Let's go.Game over, mate.Slowly up.Ah!Jig's up, Martin.One on him.- What took you so long?- Drive.You're telling me MI6, CIA,they're all after us?It's not evenour main concern.You're not like anyreporter I've ever met.That's 'causeI'm the best, right?Isn't thatwhat your father said?- Fuck!- What's wrong?They've changed the encryption.Martin!You're surrounded!Come out with your handsabove your head.We will use force.Final warning, Martin.Good. Very good.Now move forward.Slowly.Tell your mento put their guns down.Do as I sayor I'll kill him.The files you're lookingfor are in a bank.Martin has the codeto the vault in his head.He's the only onewho knows it.Now you tell me,shall I blow his brains out?That would just break my heartthere, Sasha.- Am I?- For chrissake, Trevor!Tell them to puttheir guns down, now!Come on, please.I'm the only one who knowsthe location of the bank.Calm down.Three...You're bluffing.Two...Sasha. Sasha.What are you doing?- One!- Okay, okay.I told you,he wants those filesmore than anything.Wake up!What did he want?You guys seem to knoweach other pretty well.Who?Don't play gameswith me, Martin.You know who I'mtalking about.He said it was a handwritten note.Yellow paper.I could only printthe encrypted version.I'm sure you got a lotof questions, Sasha,but you're just gonnahave to trust me, okay?When was the encryptionlast updated?- Uh, six months ago.- Huh. Good.Then he doesn't havewhat he was looking for.Look, believe me,I'm as scared as you are.I'm not scared.Did anyone everfollow up on this?Yeah, but the number is notregistered to any network.Hey, mate. Fancy a joyride?Not a phone number.The fucking code to the vault.Print it out.What do we do now?- Got a credit card?- Yes.Get it out.Time to set a trap.- A trap?- Yes.Trevor's gotthe code to the vault.So let's lead himto the honeypot.- Give me status.- He's close.We've lost him.Oh, sorry! Excuse me.Sorry, I really wasn't lookingwhere I was going, was I?Sorry.It's British.Gonna be all right with that?We got a hit.Sasha just bookedtwo tickets to Moscow.A hotel in the city center.I'll make some calls.Don't bother.They're not going to Moscow.He's not that stupid.Check all outbound flightsfrom every airportwithin a hundred mile radius for apassenger named Sasha Stepanenko.- Check the trains too.- What about Martin?You seriously think he'dtravel under his own name?Give me all the securitycamera footagefrom every airportin London.That's pretty.Is it really yours?Your bracelet.It is now clear thatSergei Skuratov and his wife Yuliawere poisoned bya military grade nerve agentof a type Russia hasdeveloped in the past.It's one of a group of nerveagents known as Novichok.I hope youhave good news for me.I know where the files are.I'm gonna needmore time.Listen, if you're tryingto trick me,you will not win.You understand me?Nobody's tryingto trick anyone here, okay?The files are in Kiev.Sasha is taking me there now.We're close. I justneed a little more time.How do I knowthis is true?Well, do you wantthe files or not?Say hello to your father.- Dad?- Sweetheart, you all right?How are you doing?Okay, I guess.I'm having a pedicure.- When will you come?- That's enough.I want to speakto him more. He misses me.I'm sure he does.You haveno children, do you?If you were a mother,you wouldn't do this.You think you know me?If you had kids,I bet they'd hate you.You think you arean intelligent girl, right?Good. Let me tell you a storyabout your father and your mother.You know what he did?Your father told herhe was a journalist.He pretended to love her,but he was really a spy.So my question is,intelligent girl,what are you for him?Accident, maybe?Or maybeyou good for cover.You don't know shit.I was born out of love.- He told me.- Okay, we are finished.We can't be latefor the fight.Bingo! They're ona flight to Kiev.All right.Get in touchwith our Ukrainian friends.Ask for Colonel Zelenko,send him that picture.Tell him I want himto keep a close eye on them.Come on. Get your assin gear. Let's go.We'd like to rent a car.Is something wrong?I haven't been heresince he died.We ended ourchemical weapons program in 1992.We eliminated all the chemicalweapons that existed in Russia.Martin, look.But at the same timewe are very suspiciousof everything that's happened aroundthis provocation against Russia.And naturally,we want to know the truth.The Russians' position in this caseis becoming increasingly bizarre.You know whatthe next step is?They're gonna startblaming the Americans.You remind meof my father.Your fatherwas a very brave man.And very stubborn.Little bit like you.Why did you leave Kiev?I lost someone too.A woman?She died?Never get personallyinvolved during a mission, Martin.That leadsto failure, remember?We don't want that.You were right.He won with a knockoutin the third round.How do you know that?What happened to my mother?Forget about that.No, tell me. I want to know.I can't tell you.You should ask your father.Tell me.Your mother wasin a dangerous situation.Your fathertried to save her.- She got hit.- Hit?- By a bullet.- Who did it?Did he?It was an accident, Lisa.Sorry,I can't getting to the phone right now,but please leave a message.I'm in Kiev,waiting for your call.So far, so good.You sure you're readyfor this?First corridor on the leftafter the security gates,then down the stairs,second right,then third right.- There's a security guard.- Yeah.Looks like the bait worked,stay where you are.Ah!What's going on?We'll take care of it, sir.It won't take long.Whoa, whoa.Show me the vault.- But there's an emergency, sir.- Take me to the fucking vault.I'll take it from here.Nice of you to turn upto the picnic, Trevor.Well, well, well.You're gettingpredictable, buddy.Put the gun on herand shoot her if you have to.Get inside.Nice of you to bring itin person, Trevor.Punch in the code.I know you've got it on you.You give metoo much credit.You want me to feel you up?What is it, Martin?Quick tradewith the Russians?A little revengeon your former employer?- What?- Just do it.Your new girlfriend,she recruited you to the people's cause.Cozy little bedtimepublishing deal?Look, enough of your bullshit.Just open it.I wouldn't do thatif I were you.What if it's set as a trap?Think about it.Red Star was FSB.What if she wanted to fuck us over?Stop! There's Novichok inside!Sasha?We good?Tell them to back up!All the way down the hallway!Do it or I'll fucking kill him!You just signedyour own death warrant, man.Agency's gonna havea hard-on for you.You think so, do you?I'll take my chances.Hey, Sasha.You trust this guy?Like your father did?You know, 12 years... ooh!This way.- This looks bad.- It's a scratch.Bullet went straight through.I was lucky.Ukrainian medicine,best there is.This might sting a bit,but you're a big boy, right?Do it.Sasha, what are you doing?You're one of them.- I can explain.- Don't move.I swearI'll shoot you.If you shoot me,you're gonna kill my daughter too.The Russians have got her.Don't move!You're full of shit.It's the truth.I need those files, okay?My daughter's lifedepends on it.I know you want to expose thepeople that killed your father.And I get that,I really do.But do the endsjustify the means?You seriouslythink I believe you?Just ask yourself this, okay?Would your father sacrificethe life of a little girl?You don't know shitabout my father!Oh!Never get personallyinvolved during the mission.You will gether out. We don't want that.Promise me? Promise me?- That leads to failure.- Olga?- We don't want that. Failure.- Olga.Failure.Yeah?Martin.You have what I want?Yeah.Yeah, I've gotwhat you want.Files and reporter?Yeah. Yeah,I wanna talk to Lees.Here, talk to your father.Dad.When are youcoming to get me?I love you, sweetheart.Dad, you sound weird.Just don't ever forgetthat I love you, all right?Dad?You're worrying me.All right, Martin.We meet at 10pm.No funny games.Why do you alwayshave to ruin my day?Trevor, I need your help.Martin Baxtor,asking for help?- This is a treat.- They've got her.The Russianshave got Lisa,and they're gonna kill her.If I don't get the case to themby 10pm tonight, she's dead.Where's the case?She fucked you over,didn't she?And now you want meto help you get it backand give it to the Russians?Deal is still on the table.But you knowhow the game is played.Tell me where you are.Martin?Miss. I need to know if you have got atracking device installed in your vehicles.- In this case, we should call...- Please, calm down.Are there tracking devicesinstalled in the vehicles?- Tell me where the fucking thing is now!- Okay!In the name of Tyner.Alison Jane Tyner.It's parked at Pasazhyrskyi,the central train station.Move!Sasha!Sorry.Shh! Shh! Shh!I'm sorry. I'm sorry.You've done well, Martin.You've used all your skillsto get what we want.I know you have feelingsfor the reporter.But she's not important.Just collateral damage.Testing, testing. Check, check.Do you hear that?Testing.What is important is you,our daughter, and our mission.I love youso much, Martin.I'm not armed.I'm gonna get my phoneout of my pocket, okay?What did I tell you?No fucking games.I'm gonna send you a link.It's a link to a video stream.Just open it.The files are in that case.Once Lisa is safe,I'll send you the address.She can hear you.Sasha.It was the braceletof my daughter.What does it say?Masha.Thank you.Now go.It's all gonna be oversoon, sweetheart.I promise.Saksahanskoho Street 97,first floor.Now!Move!Stay down!You all right, sweetheart?Martin, you knowwhat I want.- I've got it!- Don't do it, Martin!Publish the files!No matter what happens to me...you stay here,all right, sweetheart?Dad, no. Don't.You stay here.Dad! Stop!Let her go,and I'll throw you the case!Throw methe fuckin' files!Don't do it!- Ah!- Dad!Dad, Dad!Lisa, are you all right?Lisa.We need to get himto a doctor.Sasha!Hold out the caseand walk over here slowly.There's no way out, Sasha.Hi, Dad. It's me.Dad?Are you okay?I'm okay.I'm okay now, seeing you.So how they treating you?Your foster mom?- Good.- Yeah?She makes me soupfor lunch.Borscht.It's pretty good.I bought her a TV.And a laptop.- Yeah?- Her daughter Marina lives in Moldovia.They can now talk onlineto each other.- Marina's really sweet.- Hang on a second.You bought her a TVand a laptop?Where'd you getthat kind of money?- I earned it.- You earned it?Well, that Russian lady,she was kinda weird.She was crazy about gambling,but she didn't know anything about boxing.So I offeredmy services, 50/50.Youpartnered up with her?Yeah. I ran the numbersand she put up the money.And we won...a lot, actually.You always werethe cleverest.Come here.I've missed you.I missed you.Dad?Yeah?She told me whatreally happened to Mom.She said you triedto save her.It was an accident.I just didn't knowhow to tell you that.I didn't want you to hate me.It's okay, Dad,it's okay.I haven't been a very goodfather, have I?You're not that bad.- I love you.- I love you too.We're a team, remember?You and me.We're a team.We are.Taxi for Boryspil Airport.Get me outof this godforsaken place.Lisa?You all right?Does that namelook familiar?That's just a copy.The original is in a safe place.If anything happensto me or my dad,it'll be sentto all the right people.I know you'll find a wayto get him out of here.Dear Lisa,I hope you're doing fineand the foster mothertakes good care of you.I will always be gratefulto you for saving my life.Inside this envelope,you will find the nameof the double agentin the CIA-MI6 network.Please be careful.Remember,when you live among wolves,you must behave like one.Your friend, Sasha Stepanenko.Online publicationof the files in Russiahas led to the largestpublic protests in years.Sasha Stepanenko,you've madethese files public.The first responsefrom the Kremlinis that the filesare "fake news."What is your responseto that?If it's fake news,why don't theypermit inspectionsof the chemical weapons labin central Russia?It's like we're backin Communist times.The extermination program wasfocusing on opposition activistsand journalists,like my father.But this isn't justa Russian problem.The concept of objective truthis being threatened everywhere.It is really important that we,the international press,stand together,unified for free speech.If not, lieswill be our history.- You all right, Lees?- Yeah- You hungry? Yeah?- Yeah.So what about journalism?It's a pretty cool profession, isn't it?I don't know,it's mainly behind a desk.I mean, at the end of the dayyou're just gonna be stuckbehind a computer,aren't you?Yeah. But you get to travel,get to meet people,- things like that.- Travel?- Yeah.- What's the pay like?Oh, come on, Lees!It's not all about money, is it?- I could cover boxing.- Yeah, you could.And you could also cover,I don't know, the National Ballet.Kitchen is closed.We shut at 11.We're open again...