
        foodval.com - stop by if you're interested in the nutritional composition of food  --- 
        Pedal.Crescendo.- More pedal! Crescendo!- Yes, father.She’s amazing isn’t she?A brilliant performance of your music.How does she make her fingersmove so fast, Mr. Liszt?Does she never smile?Attention! Clara pay attention!Bravo!Bravo!The king!



Smile."La Campanella".If you don’t mind father,I should like to play Traumerai.La Campanella is the encore.With Your Majesty’s gracious permission,my encorewill be the work of a new composer.It is called… Traumerai.Who did she say wrote it?She didn’t say, Your Majesty.It was written by Robert Schumann.Bravo!Bravo!Bravo!Bravo!I planned your program.



And you behave like a silly schoolgirl?You disgrace yourself,you insult His Majesty.I’m sorry father,he was so displeased.You displease me!How can you behave like this?I did it for him. I did it for Robert.I did it because I love him.Bravo!How did it sound?Oh don’t tell me how it sounded,I know it was wonderful!Clara. Clara!Your flowers are lovely, and the card.You should have told me.When you started to playI nearly died!Robert, father nearly died.I told him.- Was I right?- I’m merely frightened.Miss Wieck, a wonderful performance.Thank you.- That was real music, Mr. Schumann.- Thank you.- Robert. - Oh Clara. I love you.I love you very very much.Mr. Schumann.I’d like to speak to you.- I rather expected you would.- Miss Wieck please.Miss Wieck, on behalf ofTheir Majesties, my uncle and my aunt,I wish to congratulate you. We--We… We…Have listened…We have listened to your playing withenormous interest. Thank you.Thank you, your royal highness.Miss Wieck, that last piece. It waswonderful! I thought you were wonder--Thank you!Our coach will be leaving in a fewminutes. Will you get ready?But we are goingto have supper at the Metropol!I’m sorry, we have to go backto Leipzig. Will you hurry please?And bring my cloak and hat.I believe Clara has told you,Professor Wieck. We love each other.About all I can do is confirm it.Yes. I stand opposed,you know that, don’t you?We’d like to be married.We’d both be a great deal happierif we thought you approved.I can give youa dozen reasons why I can’t consent.You are ten years older than she is.She shouldn’t get married at all, not yet.Her career is too important.She should marry a man of means.Or let’s say at least a man withsome slight acquaintance with money,who will knowhow to conserve her income,even though he can’t support her.She shouldn’t marrya man in the profession.Your careers will conflict.Or if she must,then she should marry a man of talent,at least comparable with hers.But it’s not fair! Professor Wieck,I studied with you for years,I lived in your house, you know my--You lived in my house andintrigued behind my back!- Well that’s not true!- What would you call it?Alright sir. But we intend to marry.Your reasons against itare good enough, I suppose,heaven knows I’m older than she is,I’m unknown, she’s famous and all that.You might mention, though,the possibility of making her happy!When did you ever try that?I’ve seen you dominate her,break her spiritas if you enjoyed it.I’ve seen you keep her in pigtails'til she was seventeen!'Til she was afraid and ashamedto be seen on the streets!Why? Because it meant betterbusiness at her concerts.You understand talent, ProfessorWieck, and I don’t question it,You understand herslike a private goldmine,and that’s another reason whyyou don’t want to lose her.Robert.Go back to Leipzig, pack your things,get out of my house!- Alright, sir!- If he goes, I go too.You’ll find, Clara, thatyou’ll be forced to obey me.- Mr. Schumann, there are laws.- There are laws, Professor Wieck.Give us our freedom, your worship.The freedomto live together under the same sky,and die if we must.Together, where our hands can touch.I love him, proudly,immodestly, everlastingly.I beg you! I love him so.I wonder, Miss Wieck,if this court for too long,has judged nothing but human hatred,and now finds itself helpless andundecided in the presence of human love.Your father, whatever his faults,has proved himself an excellent guardian.What have I heardconcerning Mr. Schumann?That you love him. That's all?You may sit down, Miss Wieck.Professor Wieck, will you rise?I cannot say that I enjoyedsiding in your favor.Silence!I beg your pardon, your worship.- Franz Liszt.- Franz Liszt.It's just possible that I may be ableto clear up a disputed point.- What is your name?- Franz Liszt.With the spectator'spermission, the courtwill follow itscustomary procedure.Will you make your statement,Mr. Liszt, as briefly as possible?The question of Mr. Schumann's abilityseems important to this case.I can't guarantee what Professor Wieckthinks of my judgment,or my ability.In any case, I am not blinded byinfatuation with Mr. Schumann.Silence! Silence!It's my estimation that he isa composer of exceeding promise.Only last month he receivedan honorary doctor's degree in musicwith the University of Vienna.I don't quite understandthis talk of failure.Professor Wieck himself I believe,was presentwhen his daughter playedone of Mr. Schumann'smost exquisite compositionsat her recent concert. IfProfessor Wieck was not enthusiastic,I assure the courtthat His Majesty the king was.Bravo.Since a good many people agreewith His Majesty's taste,I personallyam quite hopeful for Mr. Schumann.That is all, your worship.Bravo!For better for worse,for richer for poorer,in sickness and in health.To love and to cherish,'til death us do part.Oh, Robert. It's beautiful!- Up?- Up.- Here?- No. A little higher.I don't mind climbing stairs,not a bit.It's a good thing.What a tall house!- How many more?- There aren't any more.Your new home.I'm sorry...Robert, you're very silly.Oh, Robert! Robert I love it.A place like this, it's not so bigthat you can lose things.No, and it'll be so easy to take care of!And we'll always be near to each other.Why we couldn't get ten feet aparteven if we wanted to.- And we're so high up!- Good air!Oh I love being high up.It's all I can give you.It's the days of my life.The happy days, the other days...What I thought about.How the sun rosewhere you were standing,how it sets when you say goodnight.It's... me. It's yours.Do you know a little poem?It's called Dedication.I've set it to music.You are my soul. You are my heart.My grief... my joy... my counterpart.You are my dream... my reality...my life's mirrorof heaven and earth...Eternity.It's an odd sort of wedding gift,but... but it's yoursI wrote it for you.It's all I can give you.I've no way of saying ratherhow beautiful it is.May I speak with ProfessorSchumann, please?He's busy.I have just come from Dresden,I have a letter for him.I see. He's giving a music lesson.Come in.You can wait in there.Might be a few minutes!Here here!That's no way to treat a baby!That's my chicken!Get it!My chicken!My chicken!Get it!That chicken's for supper!How many did you count?Now stop wiggling, stop wiggling!You'll splash waterall over the floor!Mama, we got him!Mama, he was way up on the rafters!She tried to catch him.He was trying to kill her!He would've saved us the trouble.Who let her out of the cage?- Ludwig!- It was not, it was you!- I did not!- He did!How can anybodyget any work done in this house?If you find out, let me know.Back and forth,up and down the hall, a solid hour!I'm sorry, Robert. Someonelet the chicken out of the cage.Ferdinand, Ludwig, one of them,I can't keep track.It's impossible,children, children, please!Can't sell them to the gypsies!I tried, but they wouldn't have them!Robert, it's New Year's Eve,we're having people to dinner.We're very busy,they had to catch the chicken.Alright, alright.Ferdinand, you're next.Take your clothes off.Children! Come on! Marie,Julie, help me catch him!Ferdinand!Ferdinand!- Bertha, I want to talk to you.- I am listening.Bertha, my wife has too much to do.Was none of my doingthey've got so many children.No no, no no of course not, but...Mrs. Schumann is an artist.She has no business bathing babies,scrubbing floors, making beds...What's an artist doingwith all them children?Get your hands off that cake!Oh, the chicken...What I mean, Bertha, is...Bertha.In the future, I want you to seeto it that she doesn'thave so much to do.Are you sayingI don't work hard enough?- No, no!- Me?How many hands do you think I've got?Maybe you'd like to see my bunions!- Now Bertha, really, I--- I don't work hard enough...Every nightmy feet in a bucket of hot water,then rubbing them with oil,get up in the morningand it's still dark,run and carryand morning 'til night and...- I don't work enough!- Now really--For two pennies,Professor Schumann, I--It's alright, Bertha, it's alright,I don't blame you, I understand,but I'm sure in thefuture you'll see to itthat things go alonga little smoother.I'm depending on you.Bertha.What are they doing now,putting total strangers to work?Professor Schumann! Professor Schumann,I have a letter here for you...Bertha. Come on, Felix darling.Bertha! Come on, Felix.Bertha! Fine thing!I'm telling you, Professor Schumann.Oh I apologize.How long have you been waiting?Oh it's quite alright,she just forgot me.Joachim.- How is he?- He was very well when I left him.Sit down, please, sit down.Let me say, Prof. Schumann...There is no onewith whom I'd rather study.I know that I'm young.Never mind all that. Joachimthinks the world of you, that's enough.Play something you've written.It's a rhapsody.Go on! Go on!Clara, come here, listen. It's my wife.Please go on.Take off your coat,you'll be more comfortable.Who is he?A young composer, Joachim sent him.Yes, Robert, but who is he? Who?Brahms. Johannes Brahms.Go on! Continue.Thank you.I wish I could writesomething like that, it's...It's different, it's strange.It's a new kind of music.It's magnificent.Why do you even want to study with me?- You're joking.- Oh, no.Prof. Schumann,ever since I learned to play,ever since I first listened to musicand knew what it wasYour music...I want to study with you.I suppose it's because I respect youmore than any other composer in Europe.I suppose you know, Mr. Brahms,there are a few musicians here and therewho share your enthusiasmA critic or two in unimportant cities.We do getvery nice letters now and then.We get along. I teach.I do a little criticismfor a few publications.I write my music, we wait.I hope we live long enough!This is a large house. Would you careto live with us while you study?I would like it!You can pay for your board I hope.The baby! I forgot to feed the baby!- Bertha! Bertha!- I don't work hard enough, huh?Me! Every nightmy feet in a bucket of hot water!Ten years working in this houseand you could sell what's left of mefor hide and tallow!- Bertha, what are you talking about?- Ask that man!Bertha! Bertha! Don't--What did you do?Why, uh...We have eight people coming to dinner!I swear, Clara, that is...We had a little discussion,but we came to a complete understanding!- Oh you did, did you?- Word of honor!In the course of the discussion,you didn't by any chance- hit her over the head with a frying pan?- No.Oh men,keep out of my kitchen. Eight people!What are we going to do?Robert. Get your coat on, go andtell them the party's off.But it's New Year's Eve!Couldn't we, eh,that is Prof. Schumann and I...?- Brilliant! You and I!- What?- We'll get dinner!- No.You won't even have to raise a hand.Don't even come in the kitchen!Robert!You can't do this to our friends!Well... Let's take our coats off.Ah, beets!Potatoes.Bertha didn't even kill the chicken.The chicken for dinner...- Kill it?- Well naturally, we can't eat it alive.There's nothing to it, all you haveto do is slit its throat.What are you waiting for, Robert?Doesn't somebody have to takethe feathers off first?Nonsense.Well go ahead, grab it by the legs.I'm a professor of music,not a murderer.- You do it.- I?All you have to do is slit its throat.Well don't be silly, Robert. I mean,it takes strength, it's man's work!I'll do it!Mr. Brahms.I've known you were a brave manever since you saidyou'd live in this house.- Are you sure this knife is sharp enough?- I'm afraid it is.I'll go down to the cellarand get some wine!Oh no you don't.If I can stand this you can.- She's laid an egg!- What? Clara!- Is it all over?- She's laid an egg!It would be hardly thething to do to kill her now,it doesn't seem quite proper!Poor thing! Poor thing!You! You must've frightened her.Don't you worry.You can lay all the eggs you want to.I don't like to mention it,but what are we going to eat?This wouldn't make a large enoughomelet for eleven people, would it?Well if you don't mind, that is as aNew Year's present, perhaps.I was passinga butcher shop, I saw a goose.I swear to you, my friends,that goose was dead!- Twelve.- That's it.Happy New Year!Happy New Year, Mr. Brahms!Happy New Year!Happy New Year!Watch it! Watch it, please!- What's this?- Time!The witching hour!Who has the lead soldiers?- Here!- The fish! The fish!- They'll be alright!- Not in the coffee pot!They'll stay awake all night!Are they going to play soldiers?It's a tradition.We melt the lead soldiersand then we tell fortunes.Mrs. Hein,will you turn out the lights?I'll do it, Miss! I'll do it!Are you... ready, Heller?Ready! Who's first?Clara! Who else?Isn't therean old ghost about somewhere?Look out.- It's a cradle!- Oh, Mrs. Hein don't say that!It's a storer to diamonds!- That will be for your next birthday?- It's a heart!That's nice, a heart! That's happy!I'm gonnalock it up in a drawer and keep it.- It's a heart! You're next.- Oh no!Yes! Come on, Johannes, come on!- Could be a car wheel?- No. No that's a crown!A perfect crown.I don't thinkI'd make a very good king.Why not? Beethoven was a king.- You're next, Robert.- All right.- Come on, Robert.- It'll probably be a stork!- No no, a cradle!- A stork.- It'll be some diapers!- Don't say that!Watch out.Abracadabra! Abracadabra!A 100 piece orchestra playing thecomplete works of Robert Schumann...In evening dress!- Why it's a coffin!- A what?Oh how silly! It's a money box.- We're going to be rich, Robert.- After all, it could be anything.Go and play something, Mr. Brahms.Your turn, Elsie.There's something wrong withthe piano, isn't there?What do you mean? It's beautiful.Thank you, Clara.What for?Oh, I don't know.I can't practiceon the piano, Uncle Brahms.Mama's asleep in the living room.She neverslept in the afternoon before.You probablynever gave her the chance.- Should I wake her?- Oh, never never no.She had quite a night of it.Well what am I gonna do, Uncle Brahms?Button me!- Which one are you?- Julie.Don't you know how to button buttons?- Julie, huh?- What's the matter?Your eyes...You look so much like your mother.Hmm. She doesn't look like anythingto me. She's not old enough.Well, Marie,you're not so old yourself!I'll wageryou don't even know how to dress Julie.Why I do too! Come on, Julie.- What are you doing here?- I'm the new houseboy.I came for my wages.Well, sit down, Bertha.They'll be here soon.How did you know my name?Bertha, I've heard so much about you!That's no way to wash a dish!From what they say, I can't expect youto think very highly of my work.What do you mean "what they say?"Oh, just how careful you were. How youalways took care of things so well.Clumsy!You fool! One of their best dishes.Don't hold it against me, Bertha.I've had no experience.You see I'm just doing this so thatI can study with Prof. Schumann.- You won't tell them will you?- Idiot! No I won't tell them.Doesn't mean anything to me.I don't work here.Thank you, Bertha. Thank you!I know how they listen to you.They think there's nobody like you.Oh... the way Mrs. Schumann criedwhen you left.Did she?I shouldn't have gone off so quick,I suppose.- How was the party?- Oh, terrible. I ruined everything.I don't know how many times Prof. Schumannsaid what a wonderful cook you'd been.- Over and over.- Prof. Schumann said that?Yes. He said it was like losinga member of the family.And Mrs. Schumann said that youwere taking care of those childrenjust as though they were your own.Oh and the children, Bertha.Those poor children.I heard Ludwigsay his prayers last night.He said,"And please, God, take care of Bertha.Take a little cotton from the cloudsand wrap it around her feet,so that they won't hurt so."Oh Ludwig! That little rascal!- What are you going to do with that?- Cook it.They must eat, Bertha.- Did you ever cook a roast before?- No, but I can try.Give me that!Bertha,you're not coming back to work!I can't let you poison them!But what about me?Oh, he'll let you go on studyingwith him. He's that kind of a man.Get out of my kitchen!Bertha! Bertha! Ludwig, Bertha's back!Bertha!Bertha!Bertha!We're so glad you're back!Bertha is back.I'm sorry,I thought you'd stopped working.I was thinking.You mustrun up a flag or something, Robert,so I'll know if you're thinkingor just sitting here.I've got a headache, Clara.And in 30 minutesI've got to start beating musicinto the headsof a lot of young numbskulls.I'm trying to find time somewhereto finish this idiotic opera!Robert, is it the same headacheyou've been having for weeks?Of course not. Why do you sayit's the same headache?I get a headache and it goes away.I get another headache.Why be so sillyas to call it the same headache?- It's a different headache!- I'm sorry, Robert.Robert.You remember Haslinger, the agent?He's talked me into giving aconcert in Cologne next month.We'll make a regular holiday of it.Johannes can take care of the children,we'll have to take Berthaand the baby with us, of course.I'm going to playyour Carnivale if you'll let me.I don't even know if I can still play.Think of it.2,000 thalers just for one concert.I'm going to squander every bit of itI'll buy a coat all trimmed withfur, the most expensive fur.You're going to pay my bills.Our bills...Robert...I don't want to talk about it just now.It isn't as if I couldn't support you."Faust"will pay for everything, you know it.Of course it will!But it's an opera, Robert, it'sthe biggest thing you ever tried.It's not even finished yet,and you can't rush with it.And nobody will ever listen to it.Go on, say it!No I won't say that, that's not true.You signed with Haslinger. You didn'teven tell me first, you tell me now.I just happenedto run into him, Robert.Stop treating me like a child!I'm a grown man, leave me someself respect, don't lie to me!I'm terribly sorry.Alright, Robert.I got in touch with Haslinger.I didn't tell youbecause I knew you wouldn't let mebut I couldn't stand it any longer.Watching youday after day, year after year,struggling to make ends meet.Working, grinding, killing yourself.For what?For me, for the children,for the landlord.Robert, look at me.I can make the money so easily.Why? BecauseI'm a performer, nothing else.I have a kind of fleeting popularitywhich people are willing to pay for.What I dois here today and forgotten tomorrow.But you create, Robert.The things you do will last forever.If they don't make money today,that's not important.You must be free to write your music.Music to which no man will listen.Music whichthe angels will be proud to sing.Didn't she skip something?Amazing. I've never heard her play itthat fast before. Look at her fingers.Bravo!Bravo!Didn't the audience think I'd gone mad?They thoughtyou were wonderful. You were.They thoughtmaybe I was rushing to a fire.Miss Wieck... eh, Mrs. Schumann.I am offering you a fortune.Minus your 20% commission.I'll make it 30,000. All expenses paid.You're not listening to me. Mrs. Schumann,London will be at your feet. Paris!Mr. Haslinger, I appreciate yourenthusiasm for geography,but I have seven children,I have a husband.This is nonsense. What I was saying,a woman like you belongs to the world!- Not a nursery.- That will do, Mr. Haslinger.Alright! You don't have to fightfor concessions with me.I will pay all expenses. Bring yourchildren along. Bring your husband along.Mr. Haslinger. I'm not interestedin your concessions,and I'm not interested in your tour.I wanted to give one concert. I gave it. Mychildren need me, my husband needs me.He's finished an opera, Hertel hasit now, we expect to hear from Hertelabout its production,maybe when we get home tonight.For the last time, Mr. Haslinger,your tour is out of the question.- Mrs. Schumann!- That's enough, Mr. Haslinger.And stop dropping ashes on the baby!Robert! Quarantine! They're ill!Johannes!Johannes! Marie! Ferdinand!Mama! Ferdinand, Ludwig, wake up!Marie, who is ill?- Mama!- I'm glad you're home!- Where is Julie?- Upstairs.Why? What is this?- Uncle Brahms did it.- Julie's ill!Julie's got measles all over.Uncle Brahms saysshe looks like a leopard.Uncle Brahms put it up sowe couldn't go upstairs and catch it.Mama, can I have the measles,when can I have the measles?Oh, be quiet, sweetie.- Johannes. - We're doing very well,Clara, there's no use your catching it.- I've got to see her.- Why?The doctor was herejust a while ago and she's fine.You don't want themto catch it from you.- Yes, Clara. The baby.- Mommy! Mommy!Don't worry about her.I'm the onewho may not survive the night.- How was the concert?- Alright, alright.I want the measles!I want the measles!Oh be quiet.Have you had your supper?I cooked it. Uncle Brahms showed mehow to down the staircase.Poor Uncle Brahms. Go on into bed.Go on. Run run run.That's my side!Not yet.It couldn't be here yet, Robert.Come, we'll put the children to bed.You go on, I might as well work.Robert,forget about Haslinger. He's a fool.Uncle Brahms. I'm cold, Uncle Brahms.Well that's the fever, Julie.Makes you feel shivery.You said fever's hot.Why does it make me feel cold?Talking time's over, darling.Let's go to sleep now.- Will you get the measles?- No, Julie, I've had them.Now be very quiet.I want a drink of water.With lemon in it.Sugar.Thank you, Uncle Brahms.I'll drink it later.Tuck me in!- Hold my hand.- Oh, Julie, you must go to sleep.Hold my hand!- Do you like me, Uncle Brahms?- Yes, Julie.Do you like me betterthan you like Marie?Well, I like all of you.Do you like me betterthan you like mommy?A man likes children one wayand grown ups another way, Julie.Mommy loves me. Do you love me?Of course, Julie.Do you love mommy?Do you?I told you it was different withgrown ups. Now you'd better go to sleep.- Tell me some stories.- I don't know anymore stories, darling.- I'll play you some music.- That's alright.Uncle Brahms! Uncle Brahms!- Yes, Julie?- Goodnight!Goodnight, Julie.Julie! Julie!Ludwig? No... Julie?Marie!- Oh, Uncle Brahms!- Mommy doesn't count!I don't wanna see any doctor!I'm alright!You come on!There we go.Here we go. Now... open.- Tongue out. Say aah.- Aaah.- Thank you.- Can I go now?Do you ever eat... peppermints?Just a minute. What do you say?Aah!He never stops working, does he?That's a curious piece.What's he working on these days?Oh we're still waitingto hear about the opera.That's just something he...Why don't you go in and see him?- What's the matter with him?- Nothing. A few headaches.You talk to him.Try to make it social.He gets furious if I evenmention the word "doctor."Well, that's normal.Don't worry, I'll be subtle.- Good morning, Dr. Hoffman.- Am I disturbing you?No, not at all. How's Julie?Oh fine!You're such a healthy pack of animals,it'll be months before I haveanother chance to see you.Dark as a pit in here.Does the light disturb you?- A little. When I'm working.- You're certainly working enough.What was that music I heard you playing?You know me, a frustrated musician.A strange sort of melody. Perhapsit's the dissonances, butIt's not at all like your usual things.It is not.It's a poem of Hebbel's,I came across it the other day,it's called "The Cursed Forest." Here.That it if you're interested.Right here."The flowers here grow still and tall,snow white as if they were deadOne single in the midst of allalone blooms scarlet red."Perhaps you can follow it, go on."The red is not the reddish tan of sunno morning glowher roots drank from the blood of manwhich drenched the earth below."Quite dramatic. Must have fascinated you.The idea...I don't know, one flower drenched inblood singled out, standing aloneIt's horrid in a way,but it happens to people toosometimes, you know.- They can't say I copied this.- Do they ever?- You know they do.- Who?People! People.How do I know who they are?I hope I don't sound as idiotic toyou as I do to myself!It's like the "A" I suppose, in my ownhead, that doesn't make it any less real.- The what?- The "A!"A, A, A, A, A!It's like a blot in a manuscript itused to smear up other people's music,now it's creeping into mine!Like that! A, A, A, A!- It's obscene!- Sit down.You get headaches don't you? Where?Does this hurt?Not where you're touching it though.Stop doctoring me!You musicians!I'm glad I'm only a frustrated one.A doctor never has to get excitedabout anything more seriousthan life and death.Ease up on this work, do you hearme? You can't work like this.Nobody's nerves'll stand it.Get some rest, that's all I mean.I'll send you something to helpthe headaches and you take it.I'll look in on you in a few days.Doctor.- What do you think?- Overworked.- You don't need to be gentle with me.- Who's being gentle with anybody?Here. It's a sedative.Now he's perfectly sound.See that he doesn't work so hard andmake him sleep, make him get some rest.There is nothing wrong with him.I'll be in again on Friday.To see if there's stillnothing wrong with him?His sister's mind broke down.She killed herself.- You're afraid, aren't you?- Clara, where do you get the courage?I love him, doctor. You know everythingabout someone you love.- Oh excuse me.- No, Johannes, stay.The doctor thinksRobert may have melancholia.- I didn't say that.- Be careful, he may hear you.Clara,I can't say anything for certain truth.Melancholia, his mind,what does anybody know about the mind?Hardly anything yet.We know about him, don't we?We know he's a man of genius.What is it liketo have such a thing inside you?All your life, something insideyou that wants to come out,that wants to sweep the earth.If only he were mediocre,how easy it would be.Is there any chance he mighthave some success? Soon?The opera.It could do more for himthan any doctor.Keep him quiet.I'll see you on Friday.- Johannes.- Hertel. There's the opera.Oh no!Please. Clara, don't.There's too much depending on you.- How can I ever tell him?- You won't. I'll hide it somewhere.Just say that it hadn't come yet.I'll look after it.You spoke as if somethingmight be the matter with Robert.You're an odd specimen, Mr. Brahms.A normal composer would bebringing me his own music.You don't know how much Prof. Schumannand Mrs. Schumann have done for me.Is she still as ravishingas she used to be?Well I suppose so...I've always had quite a weaknessfor her myself. I can understand.She doesn't know about me though.You won't give me away, will you?Ah, women, women.I've just had an idea.Princess Hohenfels, Mr. Brahms.- Enchanté.- I'm honored.Don't let her bother you,she was only married to a prince,it's the only French she knows.Listen, my dear.Would you get hopelessly confusedif I asked you to ensnare a manfor a good purpose?- Not him!- Somebody else?I said for a good purpose. Tomorrownight at the soiree. Mr. Reinecke.- Who is Mr. Reinecke?- Mr. Reinecke is not your type.What little hair he hasis confined exclusively to his chin,and he happens to bethe greatest living conductor.He's the man to help us.Reinecke,when does he pull out the rabbit?He always pulls outsome kind of a rabbit.Oh I'm so sorry.There's your rabbit.Bravo!Bravo!Thank you. I'd like to play somethingnever before heard in public.A paraphrase, arranged bymyself on a superb melody.Dedication. By my esteemedcolleague, Prof. Schumann.My wedding present.Dedication to love.Dedication to pyrotechnics.It's very interesting.Bravo!- The Princess Hohenfels.- An honor.Enchanté.Such technique, Mr. Lizst.I don't know what to say.Better not say it. It's sacrilege.In the presence ofthe reigning saint of music.It's so longsince I've heard you play, Clara.Is thereany known ruse to persuade our Robert?I'd love to, Franz! That is, for you.You're a brilliant artist, Franz.I envy you.I wish I had the powerto translate the commonplaceinto such stupendous experience.Once in a while though,a little moment comes alongwhich seems to defy such translation.Do you know what I mean, Franz?The littlest things.The wonder and the magic.Two heartsthat speak perhaps one to another.The unimportant things.Love, Franz. As it is.No illusions. No storms at sea.No gild. No glitter.Not the rustle of silk andthe diamond garter, Franz.Just love. Unadorned.Or do you know what I mean?I'm starving,Robert, take me into supper.Coming, Johannes?Why, why Franz she insulted you!She did much worsethan insult me, my dear.She described me.Wouldn't you sayshe was right, Mr. Reinecke?And you stand thereand take her insults?Go away, my dear. Enchant someone.I seem always to be tampering withthe works of men greater than myself.This Prof. Schumann is extraordinary.I'd like you to see his newest work.It would be ideal for the Gewandhaus.Perhaps you could even get himto conduct it himself.Enchanté!Bertha, guess what! Oranges,straight from Spain!Isn't it fantastic?And in the middle of winter.You're having foot trouble.- He's going away.- Who?Mr. Brahms. He's packing.Packing?- Johannes.- Good morning.What do you think you're doing?Well, you know how it is, Clara.I would have to someday.- Of all the idiocy.- Clara.I can't impose on you forever.Johannes, please don't talklike that, you sound foolish.But I can't.What should we do if you left?I should have to engage a nursemaid.A cook, a manager.We couldn't afford it. Now stop that.We could neverbuy a friend like you in any market.What's the matter?Please, Clara.You stayed with usthrough all the hard times.Now things get better.Robert conducting Faust himselfat the Gewandhaus.It's a silly time for you to leave! Whatis it? What's the matter?I can't tell you why.I simply must go and that's all.It's the children. You can't get anywork done, that's it, isn't it?I don't blame you,they are unbearable.I don't know whetherI'll be able to work without them.What is it then?Did Robert say something?You know how he is,he gets angry once in a while.- He gets angry with me.- Please, Clara.Well, someone must have hurt you.Did I say something?Last nightwhen I was joking about your clothes.Well, you do look likea broken down bed, look at you.I'll fix this later.You can no more leave here than Robert.I forbid it.I love you, Clara.I loved you I supposefrom the first day I came here.From the first moment when you walkedinto the room and I was playingand Robert was listening.I've tried. I've tried everything.I thought it was because I waslonesome, and I'd get over it.The one man in all this world.I can't help it. I still love you.I can't live here anymore.We'll miss you, Johannes.We'll miss you terribly.You like it?Very much.I had to get away from "Faust"for a while, it just came to me.I thought of calling it "Arabesque"Johannes is leaving!I was afraid that was coming.He is in love with you.- Did he tell you?- Of course not.But anybody would knowexcept you I suppose.My Clara, what did you expect?You go around like an angel.Innocent, busy, shining.You make yourselfso necessary to peopleit shocks you when you find outthey can't get along without you.What are we going to do with him?Poison him. Shoot him.Bury him under the house.Oh Robert.Listen, Clara.These things happen, that's all.People fall in lovewith things they knowin their hearts they can never have.I'm so unhappy.My poor little Clara.Perhaps I'm wrong, Clara.Perhaps he'll get over it, he's young.He's got enough genius,perhaps he'll be lucky too.At any rate,he hasn't known you as long as I have.Come, Robert. We're going to go home now.Come.No please I can...Please, just sit down. Just sit down.We're fine. Down one step.When you go in to see him I suggestyou be very careful about what you say.He hasn't seen anyone in some months.Not sincehe tried to take his own life.But he is getting better.He is, isn't he, Doctor?I've waited so longYou kept writing mehow he's improving.Yes I'm sure he is, but withthese cases, one never knows.There are good days and bad days.- And today?- Is a good day.Wait just a minute.I want to take my hat off.He's used to seeing me, just, um...It's a beautiful garden, Robert. Perhapsyou will be able to go out there soon.Perhaps I will.I'm getting stronger every day.- Clara.- My Robert!How long has it been? Withoutyou I lose all track of time.- So do I.- The children. How are the children?Wonderful. You'll be seeing them soon.The doctor is very hopeful.I seem to be getting along quite well.I've been working.So I see.You know I was afraid perhapsI couldn't work anymore. I was silly.- I work just as easily.- Of course you do.I'd like to play yousomething I've just written.Wait, I'll move the chair.I'm not so strong today.I just finished it.I wrote it for you.I hope you like it.Do you like it, Clara?It's beautiful, Robert.Mr. Brahms!If the worldhasn't done well with you!- Bertha, how are you?- Five years older!I'll tell her who is here.She'll be amazed.Bertha.Where are the children? Where's Julie?They are all away at school now.She doesn't come downstairsvery often. She may be a minute.- Clara!- Johannes!- You look so small.- And you look wonderful.- I've been reading about you.- Have you?I've been very very fortunate.Well,if you had to conquer every capitalfrom London to St. Petersburgjust to get some new clothes,then I should say your triumphshave been justified.- Where are you on your way to now?- Cologne.Tonight they're givingthe first performanceof the first symphony I've everbeen foolhardy enough to try.Would you come with me, Clara?- That's why I came here.- That's good of you, Johannes.It would mean so much to me.I've kept the coach waiting.I'm sorry, Johannes, it's along long trip, and... well...You don't play anymore doyou? You don't even go out?Johannes, please.Clara...One of the most unforgettablethings about Robert,the most unforgettable for me at least,was the way, no matter what happened,he kept on writing his music.What would you call it?The will to create?Did you ever know Robert to stopand retreat in the face of anything?Even that last afternoon. "Traumerai."He didn't knowthat it was an old piece.He thought it was new.To the very end he was trying.Trying, trying. Until he couldn'ttry any longer. And he died.- Will you ever forget that, Clara?- Stop it!Stop it.- You seem to forget.- Johannes.- I never knew Robert to lock the piano.- If I can't listen to it, if I can't...Other people have suffered, Clara.I don't know of anyone who sufferedmore intensely than Robert did.But when you suffer and run away,then it's nothing but self pity.You surprise me, Johannes.Where did you purchase your brutality?In the same shopwhere you purchased your clothes?I'm sorry, Clara. It just goes hard withme to see you hiding away like this.Won't you change your mind andcome to Cologne with me?I wanted it so much.Goodbye, Clara.Goodbye.I don't need to saythat I'm glad you're here.- You were quite right, Johannes.- Well perhaps.But I still had no rightto talk to you like that.Honestly, Clara, when I looked upand saw you sitting here...Come, Clara, let's...I'm hungry.Poor barbarian! Doesn't that manknow great music when he hears it?That particular barbarianhappens to be Johannes Brahms.I didn't know I could still dance.It's fun, isn't it? Being alone allby ourselves where nobody knows us.Nobody knows you...It's wonderful, JohannesYour music. People listening.I'm so happy for you,I know what it means to you.Do you?Will you marry me, Clara?Forgive me for not looking at you.I can't look at you.- Johannes.- I love you.I can't tell you how I love you.I told you once.I love you now more than ever.Clara, please say something I'm dying.Johannes,be sensible, I have seven children.I am being sensible.I love your children.I want your childrenalmost as much as I do you.Believe me, Clara, they need me.You need me.I've stayed away from youfor four years.I wanted you.But it didn't seem right.Then when I saw youalone in your house,all alone like that, I knewthat I had the right to come to you.Johannes,I'm older than you, I'm so much older.- What's that?- But I am!- If I were young...- You are, Clara. You are!You're endlessly young!What is a matter of agewhen the years don't touch you?Please, Clara. I need you.The music and the glory. They'remeaningless when a man's alone.You need me, Clara.I know all about loneliness.You won't like it.You... and I.It's the first time I've had it playedfor me by someone else.- How did you happen to know it?- I'm a musician, madame.Dear Clara.- Johannes. I'm hurting you so.- You can't help it.We talk, you and I, aboutmy needing you and your needing me.I could never stop loving him.And he could never stop needing me.All the thingshe's wanted and never had.He still lives.Yes, Johannes. He still lives.In the hearts of a few for a while.I could help him to live forever.I was 11 years oldand she was just a girl.I still rememberthe speech they taught me."Miss Wieck, we have listened to yourplaying with enormous interest.Thank you!"Your Majesty. Ladies. And gentlemen.It's a long time.It's so good, you and I,how through these years,we have come to love the same music.My husband and I. We thank you so.Your Majesty, you may not recall, but,oh so many years ago,I played a little composition of myhusband's for the very first time.It was his favorite, I believe,until the day he died.May I play it again?Please.